 Policy makers, scientists, members of civil societies, tap media executives and other experts are at a high level meeting as part of the United Nations Summit on the future action days and vice president of the organization Anna Dwarke welcomes all participants to the events. They are considering the same truth, trust and hope. The global information environment put in principles in scientists. Given this burgeoning ecosystem and its importance, the mission of our panel is to build global and cross-disciplinary scientific consensus on the operationalization of AI auditing and on the capabilities and limitations of the existing audit ecosystem. Part of the discussion also bothers on global trend and artificial intelligence. Social media and how to ensure human rights with information integrity. We tackle many kinds of threats to information integrity, algorithmic manipulation, bias, hate speech, misleading information, infrastructure interference, deep fakes and poor design choices. These things have poisoned our global information environment. From genocide driven by social media manipulation to biases in hiring, the cost is billions of dollars, millions of lives and an erosion of trust in evidence, our institutions and each other. Indeed, I've come to think of misinformation as the existential threat that prevents action on so many other existential threats, crises and complex humanitarian disasters. In response to this crisis over the last two years, a global community of scientists has come together to identify challenges and do the research needed to find solutions. This raises the question to whom misinformation flows with the most serious consequences. Citizens can of course be misinformed, but so can policymakers and international agencies overseeing climate regulation. Lastly, climate misinformation has effects on what people do to ecosystems, what we all do to our ecosystems. Considering the critical role the media and information play in a vibrant democracy, the gathering agrees that steps must be taken to ensure digital accountability and improved information integrity. Meanwhile, some of the panelists on the information environment and partners discussed global trends on AI and social media and how to advance human rights and the SDGs with information integrity. Misinformation being and disinformation being almost as equal a danger as war and other climate. What we have found in our global principles is that while the UN is working on trying to make the world a better place everywhere, it is having a hard time making progress because of the toxic information environments in which we are operating. We believe in a comprehensive approach reflecting the direction taken by the global principles on information integrity published by the UN and the misflemings leadership. Brazil advocates for platform and AI regulation that underpins information integrity and can ensure that digital spaces are safe and conducive to public discourse. We believe that regulation must balance freedom of expression with the responsibility of digital platforms to protect users from illegal and harmful content and to support journalism. Building consensus is another vital aspect. Science is not done in isolation. It is a collective effort where many voices contribute to refining our knowledge. Initiatives like the new international panel on the information environment, the IPIE, which is dedicated to building scientific consensus and critical information issues exemplifies this process. But in modern newsroom transparency is very essential. Journalists must be diligent in their fact checking now more than ever before. Today almost every citizen carries the tools of a journalist in their pockets. With their mobile phones, people capture and share content before journalists arrive on the scene. But while they can generate news like materials, what often is missing is a context. And this is where we have to obviante. And without context, the story can be misleading or manipulated.