 Shifting gears to AI. Peter was here earlier and he was talking about how so far the only company to really make money of AI is in video with the chips. Do you have a sense yet of where you think the big applications will be from AI is again be in enabling self-driving, is it going to be enabling robots? Is it transforming industries? I mean, it's still, I think, early in terms of where the big business impact is going to be. Do you have a sense yet? I think the, the spending on AI probably runs ahead of, I mean, it does run ahead of the revenue right now. That's, there's no question about that. But the rate of improvement of AI is faster than any technology I've ever seen by far. And, and, and it's, I mean, like the, for example, a touring test used to be a thing. Now, you know, your basic open source random LLM, you're writing on a frigging Raspberry Pi, probably because, you know, be a touring test. So there's, I, I think actually, the, the, the, the good future of AI is one of immense prosperity where there is an age of abundance, no shortage of goods and services. Everyone can have whatever they want unless except for things we are officially defiant to be scarce like some special artwork. But, but anything that is of manufactured good or provided service will, I think, with the advent of AI plus robotics that the cost of goods and services will be, will trend to zero. Like, I'm not saying it would be actually zero, but it'll be, everyone will be able to have anything they want. That's, that's the good future. Of course. And, you know, and my view, that's probably 80% likely. So look on the bright side. Only 20% and the 20% probably of inhalation. It's nothing. Is the 20% that like, what does that look like? I mean, frankly, I do have to go engage in some degree of, of deliberate suspension of disbelief with respect to AI, to get order to sleep well. And even then, because I, I think the actual issue, the most likely issue is like, well, how do we find meaning in a world where AI can do everything we can do, but better? That is perhaps the bigger challenge. Although, you know, at this point, I know more and more people who are retired and they seem to enjoy that life. So, but I think that that may be, maybe there'll be some crisis of meaning, like, because the computer can do everything you can do, but better. So maybe that'll be a challenge. You really, you know, you need, you need this sort of end effectors. You need the autonomous cars and you need the sort of humanoid robots or your general purpose robots. But once you have general purpose, humanoid robots and autonomous vehicles, you really, you, you can build anything. And, and this, I think that there's no actual limit to the size of the economy. I mean, there's obviously, you know, the massive earth, you know, like that, it'll be a little one limit. But the, you know, the, the economy is really just the average productivity per person times number of people. That's the economy. And if you've, if you've got humanoid robots that can do, you know, where there's no real limit on the number of humanoid robots. And, and that they, they can operate very intelligently. Then, then there's no actual limit to the economy in it. It's no meaningful limit to the economy. You guys just turned on colossus, which is like the largest private compute cluster, I guess, of GPUs anywhere. So it's the most powerful supercomputer of any kind. Which sort of speaks to what David said and kind of what Peter said, which is a lot of the kind of economic value so far, by AI is entirely different. And that's entirely gone to in video. But there are people with alternatives and you're actually one with an alternative. Now you have a very specific case because Dojo is really about images and large images, huge video. So, yeah, the, the, the, the tensile problem is different from the, you know, the sort of LLM problem. The nature of the intelligence actually is actually, and, and, and, the, what matters in the AI is, is different. To the point you just made, which is that in the, in tells us case, the context, length is very long. So you've got gigabytes of context. Yeah, you've got, you know, sort of, I'm just bringing it up. It's kind of billions of tokens of context. Not an idea amount of context because you've got seven cameras. And if you've got several, you know, let's say, got a minute of several high, high-def cameras, then that's gigabytes. So you need to compress it. So the tensile problem is you've got to compress a gigantic context into the pixels that are that actually matter. And, you know, and, and, and condense that over a time. So you've got to, in both the time dimension, the space dimension, you've got to compress the pixels in, in space and pixels over time. And, and, and then, and then have that inference done on a tiny computer, relatively speaking, a small, like, you know, a few hundred watts. It's a Tesla designed AI inference computer, which is probably still the best. There isn't a better thing we could buy from suppliers. So the Tesla designed AI inference computer that's in the cars is better than anything we could buy from any supplier. Just, by the way, that's kind of a, not the Tesla AI, the AI chip team is extremely good. And, as in the design, there was a technical paper and there was a deck that somebody on your team from Tesla published. And, it was stunning to me. You designed your own transport control, like, layer over ethernet. You're like, oh, ethernet's not good enough for us. You had this TT, COE or something. And you're like, oh, we're just going to reinvent ethernet and like, string these chips. It's pretty incredible stuff that's happening over there. Yeah. No, the team that the Tesla chip design team is extremely, extremely good. So. But is there a world where, for example, other people over time that need some sort of like video use case or image use case? Yeah, so theoretically, you'd say, oh, why not? I have some extra cycles over here. We should kind of make you a competitor of Nvidia. It's not intentionally perceived. Yeah, I mean, the, you know, there's this training and inference. And we do have the, you know, those two projects at Tesla, we've got Dojo, which is the training computer. And then, you know, our inference chip, which is in every, every car inference computer. So, and Dojo, we've only had Dojo one. Dojo two is, you know, should be, we should have Dojo two and volume towards the end of next year. And that, that, that will be, we think sort of comparable to sort of a B200 type system, a training system. And, you know, so this, I guess there's some potential for that to be used as a service. I'm loving. So, as Director Basic Abodes,rating shapes, we have several resources which we would gladly, like, K? So, I guess, there's, like air flow and things of course when you moves, you know, major iterations on a technology to be excellent. And we'll only have the second major iteration next year. The third iteration, I don't know, maybe late, you know, 26 or something like that. I was the autonomous project going on. I remember when we talked last. And you said it's publicly that it's in doing some light testing inside the factory. So it's actually being useful. What's the build of materials? And when, you know, for something like that at scale. So when you start making it like you're making the model three now, and there's a million of them coming off the factory line, what would they cost? 20, 30, $40,000, you think? Yeah. I mean, I've discovered really that, you know, anything made in sufficient volume will asymptotically approach the cost of its materials. So now there's, I should say, there's, it says some things are constrained by the cost of intellectual property and like paying for patents and stuff. So a lot of, you know, what's in a chip is like paying royalties and depreciation of the chip fab. But the actual marginal cost of the chips is very low. So, so, so, so, so, optimists it, obviously, is human I draw about it. It is way as much less than as much smaller than a car. So the, you could expect that in high volume, and I'd say the also probably need three, three production versions of optimists. So you need to refine the designs three, at least three major times, and then you need to scale production to sort of the million unit plus per year level. And I think at that point, the cost, the, you know, the labor and materials on optimists is probably not much more than $10,000. Yeah. And that's a decade-long journey, maybe? Basically, think of it like, the optimist will cost less than a, a small car. Right. So at, at scale volume with a three major iterations of technology, and so if a small car, you know, cost $25,000, you know, it's, it's probably like a $20,000 for an optimist, for a human I draw about that can be your, your body like a combination of R2, D2 and C3, Pio, but better. Yeah. I mean, you know, that's the, I, I, I, I think people are going to get really attached to their human I draw, but because I mean, like you're looking sort of what Star Wars is like R2, D2 and C3, I love those guys. Yeah. You know, they're awesome. And the, their personality and, I mean, and all, all, all R2 could do is just be for you. Right. Yeah. That's pretty sweet English. And that, and that, and that, and that, and that. And that, and that, and that, and that, and that, and that, and that, and that, and that, and that, and that, and that, if you did two or three years per iteration or something, it's a decade-long journey for this to hit some sort of scale. And I would say major iterations are less than two years. So, it's probably on the order of five years. Yeah. Maybe six to get to a million years here. And at that price point, everybody could afford one. On planet Earth. I mean, it's going to be that one to one, two to one. What do you think ultimately we're sitting here in 30 years? The number of robots on the planet versus humans. Yeah, I think the number of robots will vastly exceed the number of humans. Vastly, yeah. Vastly exceed. I mean, you have to say, like, who would not want their robot buddy? Everyone wants a robot buddy. Oh, right. You know, it's like, especially if you can, you know, you know, it can take care of your, your, your, take your dog for a walk. It could, you know, mow the lawn. It could watch your kids. It could, you know, like, it could teach your kids. It could, it could, it could. We can also send it to Mars. Yeah, absolutely. We can send a lot of robots to Mars to do the work needed to make a colonized planet for you. Mars is already the robot planet. Like a whole bunch of, you know, robots, like, rovers and helicopter. Yes, only robots. Yeah. So yeah, the, no, I think the sort of useful humanoid robot opportunity is the single biggest opportunity ever. Because if you assume like that, I mean, the, the ratio of humanoid robots to humans is going to be at least two to one, maybe three to one. Because everybody will, everybody will want one. And then there'll be a bunch of robots that you don't see that are making goods and services. And you think it's a general one generalized robot that then learns how to do different tasks or. Yeah. Hey, um, I mean, we are a generalized robot. Yeah, we're a general. We're just made of meat. Yeah. Yeah. We're a meat puppet. General. Yeah, I mean, operating my meat puppet, you know. So, yeah, we are actually. We haven't done it. And it turns out like as we're designing optimists, we're sort of learn more and more about why humans are shaped the way they're shaped. And, you know, and why we have five fingers and why your little finger is smaller than, you know, index finger, you know, obviously why you have opposable thumbs. But also why, for example, the muscles, the major muscles that operate your hand are actually in your forearm. And your fingers are primarily operated, you know, like, I don't know. Um, you're, you're, you're, the muscles that actually at your fingers are located, the vast majority of the, of your fingers trying to actually coming from your forearm. And your fingers are being operated by tendons, little strings. That, that, that's, and so the current version of the optimist hand has the actuators in the hand and has only 11 degrees of freedom. So it can't, it's not as, it doesn't have all the degrees of freedom of human hand, which has, depending on how you count it, roughly 25 degrees of freedom. And, and, and, and it's also like, a lot strong enough in certain ways because the actuators have to fit in the hand. Um, so the next generation of optimist hand, uh, which we have in prototype form, uh, the actuators have moved to the forearm just like a human and they operate the, the fingers through cables, just like the human hand. And, uh, and, and then the next generation had as 22 degrees of freedom, um, which we think is enough to do almost anything that a human can do.