 It's a good feel to get into right now. Computer engineering and cyber security and the industry looking to fill positions just might surprise you. The auto industry. It's all because of the rise in autonomous vehicles and the challenges that come along with the technology. Manifesto took a ride to see some of the latest features on the market. It's keeping us within the lane and we even have oncoming traffic so that's exciting. This Kia Stinger features some of the latest autonomous technology on the market, but it doesn't mean the car will drive itself. It just told me to keep my hands on the wheel. The car will keep drivers. Their lane and comes with an autonomous emergency braking and forward collision warning system. You can hear that beeping sound. That's because we're coming closer to another vehicle. Now, if we got any closer that would turn from a green light on the dash to yellow and the car would actually start breaking itself. Pretty neat, right? Experts discussed the safety benefits of autonomous features at the seminar hosted by UT Antriple A. It feels like the car is watching what you're doing at all time so the moment you get distracted or your toddler yells in the back seat, like the car still kind of has its ears on the eyes and the road for you. But there are some concerns to consider as well, like the potential for hacking into vehicles. I mean, we've saw the G-PAC a couple years ago. I've even hired individuals who've hacked into their vehicles. This is something that can be done as being done on a regular basis. Tukarski says it doesn't mean we should walk away from potentially life-saving technology. That's where the students come in. Many graduate students are already looking into these concerns and looking forward to what's next for the industry and they're recruiting. We need people for the research and the industries need people for the implementation and for the research. The autonomous drones, autonomous vehicles, anything autonomous is a very good field to be in right now. And then when it, and if you combine it with cybersecurity, it's even better. Experts say there's a lot of possibilities and even someday our self-driving cars can earn their keep by doing Uber rides while we're at work. Reporting in West Toledo, Amanda Faye, WTOL 11.