 the progress with the assistant. As I said earlier, our vision for our assistant is to help you get things done. It turns out a big part of getting things done is making a phone call. You may want to get an oil change schedule, maybe call a plumber in the middle of the week, or even schedule a haircut appointment. You know, we are working hard to help users through those moments. We want to connect users to businesses in a good way. Businesses actually rely a lot on this, but even in the US, 60% of small businesses don't have an online booking system, etc. We think AI can help with this problem. So let's go back to this example. Let's say you want to ask Google to make your haircut appointment on Tuesday between 10 and noon. What happens is the Google assistant makes the call seamlessly in the background for you. So what you're going to hear is the Google assistant actually calling a real salon to schedule the appointment for you. Let's listen. So how's the hair? Hi, I'm calling to look at the women's hair cut for our clients. I'm looking for something on May 3rd. So I can need one. Uh-huh. So what time are you looking for around at 12 p.m. We do not have a 12 p.m. available. The closest we have to that is a 115. Do you have anything between 10 a.m. and 12 p.m. depending on what service you would like with services you're looking for? Just a woman's hair cut for now. Okay, we have a 10 o'clock. 10 a.m. is fine. Okay, what's your birthday? The first name is Lisa. Okay, perfect. So I will see Lisa at 10 o'clock on May 3rd. Okay, three. Three. Three. Have a great day. That was a real call you just heard. The amazing thing is the assistant can actually understand the nuances of conversation. We've been working on this technology for many years. It's called Google Duplex. It brings together all our investments over the years and natural language understanding, deep learning, text to speech. By the way, when we are done, the assistant can give you a confirmation notification saying your appointment has been taken care of. Let me give you another example. Let's say you want to call a restaurant, but maybe it's a small restaurant which is not easily available to book online. The call actually goes a bit differently than expected. So take a listen. See how many are you? Hi, I'd like to reserve a table for Wednesday the 7th. For 7 people? It's for 4 people. For 4 people? When? On the next Wednesday at 6 p.m. Actually, we reserve for like, up to like 5 people. For 4 people, you can come. How long is the wait usually to be seated? When tomorrow or weekday? For next Wednesday of the 7th. Oh, now it's not too busy. You can call for 4 people. Oh, I got you. Thanks. Bye-bye. Again, there was a real call. We have many of these examples where the calls quite don't go as expected. But the assistant understands the context and nuance. It's new to ask for wait times in this case and handle the interaction gracefully.