 At the Gen AI Summit, attendees watch how the company A Cool uses reanimation and voice cloning to make Angelina Jolie, and Elon Musk gives speeches in perfect Chinese. A Cool CEO watches a video where his face is seamlessly swapped into spectacular scene after scene. So hopefully like in the near future, you will see all the ads are personalized. Engable yourself to be in the movies and enable yourself to show up in many places. Now we've seen robot dogs before, but we can see now how artificial intelligence built into it is making it smarter and smarter. Like Unitries go to which can really show off with its capabilities. And if you're getting tired of AI and all these robotic capabilities getting so good, how about this? Alright, you're going down. I can't beat it. Unitry also has a humanoid robot in development. The H1 platform plans to allow others to install their own particular AI into this body. We do testing some industry advocates in scenario like for vehicle manufacturing to do some assembling. I believe in three to five years. The robot can really help people to do something, even work at that house. The organizers of the summit, a community of tech experts called GPT Dow, predict AGI or artificial general intelligence, the term for when AI rivals human thinking will come within 10 years. AGI will come. I accept it. I don't worry anymore. So we think human society is a key to make their helpful for human, not harmful for human. In question of that same idea, the AI for Good Institute is launching a program that teaches founders and innovators that their startups can both benefit society and be profitable. Problems that we haven't been able to solve before help people who are underprivileged, but at the same time, the rapid advancement of technology at a rate that is faster than policymakers are able to grapple with and develop policies to protect people and society and plan it from. That can be concerning. Interspection on AI is also happening here in some mesmerizing forms. Many of the artists behind these works have incorporated AI to help them explore the concept of the digital soul. I feel like the AI is just the tool, so it can help you to create more. So I don't think that's something we need to against it, but it's totally depending on what kind of like thing you want to express. What kind of like idea you want to say. MedaShare shows me how her work asks people to prompt in their ideas of a future digital soul and connect with those thoughts, three multisensory experience. Mark New CGTN San Francisco.