comment
DidnÉ??t employees always get a discount?
"IÉ??m only upgrading from my 13 Pro because my carrier is still valuing my trade in as $1000. Next year IÉ??m sure its value would be substantially lower so I took advantage.

Edit: ATT is my carrier. If you go to Costco and do it you may get a Costco cash card too."
This is not the first time in the last couple years that Apple EPP (employee purchase plan ) has been equal to new device release though itÉ??s true it was not for some years
Maybe they should try adding value features instead of changing colors.
"So employees were able to use their discount right when the preorders opened. Source, my brother ordered my phone with his discount. 

In other words. This isnÉ??t a reflection of the demand as it was literally there when preorders opened. 

The title is speculative and misleading."
"You are not meant to upgrade your phone annually, and if people's phones are lasting them longer, than this is a good thing. I fail to see how this is a dunk on Apple lol"
I jumped from android back to Apple specifically for the 12 mini. Then they stopped making them. I'm not really looking forward to getting a bigger phone but the battery life on this thing is terrible now.
[deleted]
No Mini no buy.
My iPhone 12 Mini is still working great! IÉ??ll keep waiting.
"Shoulda released a mini, I need a new one desperately. Shrug."
"Tell me I'm wrong Apple employees but almost EVERY NEW PRODUCT is available to employees at a discount at launch. Especially with items like this, they want it in the hands of employees in their stores."
"My requirements are simple.

- Red
- Mini version."
"Releasing a phone where the main new feature is the ability to use Apple intelligence (without shelling out for a pro version). 

Apple intelligence isnÉ??t available yet. 

Of course itÉ??s not selling well."
Still using my iPhone 12 with no intention of upgrading. I hope this industry stabilizes and realize we donÉ??t need an annual upgrade nor do the majority of people want one nowadays.
My iPhone XR still works perfectly fine
"IÉ??m on a base 11 and have no reasons to upgrade. This year I swapped the battery for 60É?™, IÉ??m good another year"
"Probably says a lot more about the economy than the iPhone specifically. More and more warning signs are flashing that the average American can no longer spend money on É??nice to haveÉ?ù items, because they are so broke just trying to afford food and housing after record inflation."
"The only real reason I see to upgrade is if your battery is degraded and youÉ??ve skipped the last several years of phones. I went from 11 pro max to 15 pro max this summer and IÉ??ve enjoyed the better camera and high refresh rate. But that this point the only thing IÉ??d upgrade for would be a substantial improvement to the camera. IÉ??m happy to upgrade every year if there were substantial improvements every year, but there just arenÉ??t. As a consumer I donÉ??t think this is a bad thing, I really love my phone and appreciate how long they last. If apple wanted my money then they should look for ways to substantially improve the phone more frequently."
"iPhone 11 here, just need a new battery"
"IÉ??m an Apple fanboy but the innovation has kinda come to a crawl on the last several iPhones. 
IÉ??m upgrading this time mostly cus of battery life. Honestly I probably coulda waited another year with my 13 pro max but I wanted a shiny new thing"
They can pry my 13 mini from my cold dead hands
"until they release another small phone i'm running my 13 mini into the ground. it's only just starting to run out of battery after a full day of use, will get that replaced soon rather than buy a new phone"
There's only so much you can do with phones like why upgrade when my s21 ultra does what I need? What am I getting here? Ability to shitpost faster?  Tactical response when I scroll tiktok thrist traps? What am I getting for my money? Just seems like too much for too little.
Clinging to my iPhone 8. The only upgrade I want is a smaller phone. 16 is too big!
"Oh no, the horror of new tech being readily available for purchase instead of being waitlisted."
No one is upgrading just for new colors
Such a weird benchmark to judge if a product is successful or not. Last I heard employee discounts are a good thing
"Oh no, they only sold 37,000,000 of them in the first week, how sad"
"11 Pro user here. Was waiting for the 16 Pro keynote and went É??meh, one more year it isÉ?ù"
"Phones have peaked, there's nothing tomorrow's phone can do that today's can't"
How come mine isnÉ??t arriving until October then smh
Give us the iPhone SE 4 already!
"Who would have known that getting your buyers to pay for fewer features with each upgrade would turn out this way?


No headphone jack
No expandable storage
No charger in the box
Last year's processor in a new body 
....

This, with how expensive it is to get a new phone teaches your customers a dangerous lesson, that is, a phone can be used for longer than one year. 
And no, I don't think software is enough to return the earnestness"
"Anyone else feel this is also a symptom of the middle class tightening their wallets even further? I always felt people upgraded more often than not, just because they could and had the extra disposal funds. Nowadays people are a lot more conscious of overspending due to the economic outlook"
Look at the state of the economy. You think most people have the money right now to just shell out a grand for a new phone?
"ThatÉ??s funny because I have a 3+ week wait until my 16 Pro Max even ships, I ordered from Apple around 9AM Eastern on 9/13."
"The pro is ruining the standard phone. If you canÉ??t have usb 3 on a standard iPhone, then itÉ??s not competing with everyone else.
The iPhone is becoming cheaper than its competitors in features, but not price. ItÉ??s sorta sad."
"Good news for me, this is the year IÉ??m replacing my aging iPhone XR. Hoping the next phone also lasts me 6 years.

This isnÉ??t the 2000s anymore where most phones on contract cost $50 or are literally free. Assuming it still works, you donÉ??t actually need to replace the device in your pocket. FOMO is just marketing.

For me, my XR is so old it canÉ??t even take photos reliably anymore. I got my value out of it, and intend to keep it around as a dedicated media player. Perfect for that task."
"Phones are boring now, of course they wonÉ??t sell well."
Still have my iPhone 7+ lolol.
IÉ??m not moving. I have a 12 mini and they killed the mini form fctor. Dont want that large phone in my pocket
IÉ??m not upgrading my phone until they make one that doesnÉ??t show my reflection back at me at unattractive angles.
"Surprise, mass lay off and wondering why people dont have money to consume their products."
Sticking with the SE as long as I can because I love my clicky home button and phone that comfortably fits in one hand.
"Phones have been in a plateau for a while. Cameras are optimized, UI is optimized, processing power is really hard to improve without running into temperature problems, screens are optimized... That's why Samsung is doing foldable phones, it's all they can come up with that is different and enticing.

Phones are pretty much done unless they come up with something truly groundbreaking. People keep buying a new one every year simply because they're stupid."
"I have a regular 13. Does more than I will ever do with it. Once it dies. I will replace it. Probably the 18 or 19. 

At this point I bet so many people just get a new phone due to there old one literally not working. 
Or maybe a family member needs one. But there is nothing to make me give up a perfectly good phone."
NO ONE HAS FUCKING MONEY ????.
"Same design over like 6 yearsÉ?? what do you expect? 
The best iPhone yet (r)"
Hopefully this alerts Apple to put some genuine work into the IPhone 17É??
"The demand isnÉ??t weak because the phone sucks. The phone is fine. So fine, in fact, that people keep their old iPhones longer which lowers the demand for new tech."
MaybeÉ??. Just maybeÉ??. Put physical features on the phone that people actually want to use. Slapping a software update and putting É??AI!É?ù on the box isnÉ??t going to convince people to buy the phone.
I still have the iPhone 8. Works just the same as everyone elseÉ??s. Worse camera thatÉ??s it.
They are running out of features that Android has already had for years.
Phone market is like cars. At some point itÉ??s just not worth upgrading
The iPhone hasnÉ??t really been innovative for some time. Most of the recent gen iPhones people have still work just fine.
Too much money for a cell phone???˙??è´É?çÉ??ã?è
Maybe they should speak to Mossad and get some help making sure people want to get rid of their older iPhones
"There is no big difference between the 15 (or even 14) than the new model.  The whole AI function is software and not a lot of É??wowÉ?ù about it.  

Apple will still sell, but they need a big improvement to have the long lines and back orders of previous phones."
"TheyÉ??ll pry my 13 mini out of my cold, dead hands. 

If it dies, my 7 will get resuscitated.

Still have my 3, too.

Edit: Holy shit. I just realized my owned versions are a prime number sequence."
"Know itÉ??s a small insignificant feature for most, but for my work the base model 16 having satellite messaging is a game changer, and the reason I got the 14pro instead of the 14. The pro doesnÉ??t justify the cost but the 16 makes sense if you spend a lot of time out of service.

Edit: very niche market though, not surprised that demand is down overall"
13pro here and i plan on just spending the $100 to have my battery replaced. Their É??newÉ?ù things just donÉ??t excite me
[deleted]
"If you major selling point is AI (apple intelligence), and said that the 16 is built from the ground up for that, but they don't even know when the full release is going to happen. So there is no real motivation for a upgrade imo. Not saying it's the only factor ofc"
"No Apple Intelligence at launch probably isnÉ??t helping.  Apple really needs to sell on those AI features.  

Finding out what breed of dog you are looking at is cool and all, but what else can it do?"
"Not trying to be an asshole, but what is the actual benefit for the average user? If you don't want the Apple Intelligence, or can't have it because you are in Europe, in particular? iPhone 13 is mighty fine."
I refuse to buy a new iPhone until it hits a prime number
"I used to be that guy that had to upgrade every year, but I have a 13 Pro and the only reason I would have to get a 16 is that it's starting to get kind of dinged up and the charge port is a little bit fiddly.

I think we're long past expecting people to get excited over incremental speed and camera upgrades."
"People will buy them when they'll have the money.

Rent/food/healthcare comes first"
T-Mobile screwing people who go to more expensive plans. IÉ??m also not paying 1000$ for another phone ever again. Never. IÉ??ll wait until thereÉ??s deals on magenta max or I will just sit this one out.
"This is misleading. Apple employees have been able to pre-order with their discount since iPhone 12 if I recall.

Source: I worked at Apple for 13 years."
Acting like Apple is the problem. Truth is phones plateaued years ago.
"AI is great, it lets me know what products are a waste of time."
"Because it is a slight change to the 15 and the super duper AI features donÉ??t come out till later.

By the time they come out the iPhone 17 will arrive with new HW for advance AI features that the 16 will not support. So you are just better off waiting for the 17."
I have a 13 pro and am in the market for the 20 pro.
I had to jump to a new iPhone because my old one didnÉ??t support all the LTE bands in use around my area. Hoping to keep my 16 for another 7 years.
they're all the same crap just a few minor adjustments. my capacity on my 13 is 86% and i can't afford a house or a car and they think im about to drop $1k on a phone LOL.
"IÉ??m upgrading to a 16É??. From my iPhone 8. :P

ItÉ??s a bigger leap than some, haha."
EmployeeÉ??s can buy them on discount on day 1 as is - shit story.  (IÉ??m connected)
IÉ??m so over boring AI features and cursed AI images. IÉ??ve been debating switching to the pixel fold because the idea of having an iPad in my pocket sounds great..  itÉ??s like the meme of us poking apple with a stick É??do somethingÉ?ùÉ??
"I think the feature set of smartphones in general have exceeded most customers expectations. Not in a good way. 

It's similar to the automotive industry. I just want to drive to work and back. I'm not paying $50,000 for that nor do I need a hundred features by default. 

I am seeing a rise in people getting lite, minimalist, or brick phones.

I am well past the urge of dropping four digits on something that will no longer fit in my pocket and has only adequate reception and records when I take a shit and for how long."
"Is releasing a new phone model every year even worthwhile, at this point?

There are no breakthroughs to be had in smartphone tech. And generational improvements are getting so slim that moving to a two-year release cycle is looking quite reasonable."
iPhone X user here. Time for an upgrade since my battery is pretty much shot and apps are starting to slow down. ItÉ??s been a good run
"Almost went from 13 pro max to 16 pro cause of the trade in value. Would only be a few hundred on top, decided against it though. Hopefully trade in value doesnÉ??t go down an egregious amount next year when I probably will upgrade."
"they need to stop releasing new models every damn year. it used to be big exciting news whenever a new one came out, now it's just routine and no one can keep track of which is which"
Man my 13 pro max is getting beat up badÉ?? was going to finally upgrade but all these articles are making me sad that I have to and canÉ??t wait!
At work we are getting the iPhone 15 for $9.99 on the corporate plan. Apple iPhone revenue isn't looking so hot from at the moment.
"I mean, i upgraded from the 8 plus to an iPhone 15 pro max. 

I canÉ??t honestly say there was noticeable difference. I would much rather be back on the 8 plus. 

Upgrading didnÉ??t do anything but get me a new battery with a phone wrapped around it."
Employees can buy new products on discount at every product launch for the past few years. This isnÉ??t anything new. Clickbait.
Still using my XS max. They can take force touch from my cold dead hands.
"Now, if there was a 16 Mini, I'd be in"
"The era of annual generational upgrades has been over since the iPhone 11. Like most technologies, smartphones have plateaued, and you need look 4-5 generations ahead for upgrades to be worth it. Stop treating these like they should be upgraded every year, itÉ??s done."
Pixel 8 pro is what I'd get but I don't need an upgrade any time soon
"This is always interesting to me because of the timing of when I stopped caring.

2015-2021 I was in the cellphone business. I stayed up to date on all new devices, their features, the technology behind them, their upsides and downsides. I would participate is various communities about them. 

When I stopped dealing with that(holy shit COVID brought out the worst in people) I just stopped caring about any of it. I no longer heard anything outside of mainstream new media. If they stopped reporting on it or just never reported on it, I never knew."
Ima a 12 mini.  I donÉ??t want  a huge phone.  So rocking this sucker till death.
IÉ??m keeping my iPhone 13 mini until it completely breaks. IÉ??m too poor for ts
"No see this new phone does the exact things as your current phones but marginally better.

You must burn your money to get this."
Upgraded from a 10 to 15 last year so I'll be upgrading again at 20.
Im waiting desperately on a new SE model reveal before my SE 2020 craps out
I imagine all electronics will see at least a slight decrease in demand due to the recent revelations.
Let me see 2 grand for a phone or godamn food and rent .
"Phones have gotten less unique over the years, but I seriously haven't heard shit about this phone. I've heard way more about the Pixel 9 series."
"As an android user, I'd jump ship and try out an iPhone if not for Apple's utter stubbornness to allow for a more open OS. I've gotten fed up with Google's bullshit lately and have been underwhelmed with Samsung and OnePlus' offerings.



Give me real Firefox and side loading and I'd be willing to try it. I'm sure I'm not alone in that either.


But Apple is giving very little reason for *anyone* to upgrade"
itÉ??ll be a year before appleÉ??s intelligence can prove itself worthy of hardware adoption
Why would you bother to upgrade if you have a 14 pro or newer?
"This is a terrible source. My sister works for Apple in Cupertino, and sheÉ??s always been able to get the latest iphone  with her employee and friends and family discounts immediately upon release. 

If I recall correctly, the only product that was not available for discount right away was the Vision Pro."
What are they talking about? IÉ??ve worked at Apple retail for 7 years and never once had to É??waitÉ?ù to get something new on discount. The only wait was only ever for friends & family discounts.
"I'm an employee, and as far as I remember, we had discount at launch for 3 to 4 generations before this one.

That said I'm also an iPhone 13 mini user so I won't be upgrading as long as my mini works. I do think the 16 is a great phone though, but I like the size of the mini."
"Phones got so good there is little benefit of buying a new one. I am still on an 11, and really besides low light photography, I have no complaints."
"Employees can always get it on discount. This is referring to the friends and family 15% discount, which yes is surprising."
This article is incorrect employees never had to wait
I will stay with 13 mini until another reasonably sized phone is released.
"I bought the Xs Max when it released on the day 2018.

Battery is original and it just hit 80%, I still dont hit the ceiling where I need to charge the battery to last through a day.

I use it daily with everything, got music and podcasts blaring the entire workday. The only thing ive noticed, and its just recently, is up until now, everything had loaded instantly. But now; reddit has to reload for 5 seconds, before it was instantly. Comments take 3-5 seconds to load, before it was instantly, as in last month. 

And honestly, with how shit reddit is, I think its the app more than apple trying to force me to switch. Also, who uses an android phone for 6 years and still dont really feel the need to buy a new one?"
"Haha, itÉ??s called an employee discount. They always can buy phones at a discount."
[deleted]
They need to stop releasing every year. ItÉ??s wasteful and itÉ??s killing innovation. However investors will never let it happen.
My older gen iPhone works fine tbh why switch? I gain nothing.
They acted like AI for a fucking phone was gonna be a huge selling point????
Sensationalist headline. We'll know more about the demand in the coming weeks; this discount has been there.
I'm not spending that much for a fucking phone
Wish they released a new iPhone every month instead :(
Employees can always buy it at discount on day one.
Employees could usually always buy the new iPhones from availabilityÉ?? this isnÉ??t new
"I'm still running a 128gb iphone 6s+ and it's fine.

I see no reason to upgrade."
"When they get to edge to edge screens, more than 1 biometric security option, and no camera notch then that will be an innovation (for Apple anyway).  I think Apple seriously overestimates how many of their users want professional camera features on their phone.  A special camera button?  Who *gives a shit?*"
"I got the iPhone 15 pro in March due to my 11 slowing down and wanted a decent camera for Costa Rica trip. Paid $1100. So not worth it. DonÉ??t notice a big difference in camera or any features that stand out for me to justify that amount of money. Also heats up crazy when charging. I feel stupid. Oh, and poorer."
Literally no innovation. Lmao
peoples aint got no monies and their current iphones are fine lol
Give us something new!! ItÉ??s the same old phone
Biggest selling point was promises
"Probably the reason why they just put the iPhone 15 Pro ""out of stock"" on their website and the iPhone 14 Pro not as a refurbished option for more than half a year. They did it with the iPhone 14 Pro last year as well.

You no longer need to upgrade your phone annually for technological improvements, so you just buy the best value for money once you need a new phone.

Sticking on the iPhone 8 yet, I would actually go for refurbished iPhone 13 mini. But sticking with lightning, while every other device is on usb-c is a downer. However it's the last phone with proper sense for dimensions."
Watching Apple's presentation felt like going back in time and watching life alert commercials. So I'm not surprised people aren't as excited
Iphones are garbage
"I worked for Apple , last year when the 15 was released we were not able to purchase them until NOVEMBER due to how popular the product is. It is rare for any of there products to be directly available to the staff on release so having access in September is fast . ( I was an at home advisor working as call support for a year )"
"Have the 14pro and I without a doubt will go android for my next phone. Sick of Apple notifications popping up demanding I enter updated payment method or that IÉ??ve ran out of my iCloud storage. Also something thatÉ??s irritated the piss out of me is Apple wonÉ??t let you get refunds for free trial subscription that hit you with $40-$100 yearly subscription auto renewal they wonÉ??t offer the option to request a refund. And also Apple is just weak as hell compared to android..  only thing Apple has is its clean looks and simplicity in the menus.
I may even go back to having a flip phone just because of the shock and awe effect it has on people and because I get stuck reading Reddit posts at 3am."
I have a iPhone 12 and I was in on this phone. I was going to buy the max. No option to pickup at local store and delivery date was around 10/14. Decided not to buy if IÉ??m waiting a month for a preorder. Now IÉ??m leaning on waiting another year. 12 is doing me just fine. IÉ??ll wait for the reviews since I know all the promised stuff wonÉ??t be available until an unknown date of update.
"É?™979 for the base model which comes with a 60Hz screen or É?™1,239 for the Pro version which doesn't really offer change from previous generations but can hold 3 hours worth of video before you reach max storage. Hmmm"
Lmfao that's actually funny
"Good, Apple needs to stop scamming"
Apple usually upgrades pretty much nothing but now its low even for them. Zero surprise that people are willingly buying itno pretty much a  scam.
Sitting here with my Pixel 3 paying ?ú2 a month for unlimited calls and texts and 15GB data. The idea of paying over ?ú1000 for a phone just doesn't make sense to me.
"step 1: get hired by apple  
step 2: buy a new iPhone 16 at discount  
step 3: quit"
"I mean... it's the same thing as the 15, and the 14, and the... 

Minor tweaks will only sell for so long."
60hz screen is laughable
"I bought it, but thatÉ??s because I am upgrading from an iPhone 8 that I have had since 2017."
This is misinformation.
Blame the carriers. TheyÉ??re getting greedy on who can get a deal.
Dumb article. Delete this post
Bring back the minis!! I donÉ??t want a huge ass phone ????
The masses yearn for a new mini...
"ItÉ??s understandable, I still use the iPhone 11 and have no problems with it. Actually I would still be using the iPhone 7 had I not had connectivity issues with my carrier."
Let ME get a discount too smh
"Prime iPhone buyers gotta pay student loans again, it's a good time to skip the upgrade, and service debt instead."
"Apple needs to be brave and switch to a 18 month or É??gaspÉ?ù 24 month release cycle and help guide the industry to follow. 

A lot of resources and the environment could be saved by switching to a relaxed release cycle. 

Or, É??What do I knowÉ?ù The customer is always right and listen to the trends that indicate folks are not upgrading as frequently as they used to."
"i only upgraded last year because they finally got usb c, i cant see myself needing to upgrade for years"
this was without doubt the worst iphone update. They did absolutely nothing to it
Already been disproven. Employees were able to. It 15s last year right away too.
Employees always get a discount? This is just bait
sooooooo you are telling me ppl don't want to buy a $1500 that's been the same since 5 yrs.  wow
Who even upgrades every year now. My last phone was iphone 11. Recently upgraded to s24 ultra that I plan to keep for another 5 years.
The demand will increase once the phones are available and in stock. No body got time to preorder and wait.
"We are 20 years into the incrementally better Apple product economy, and I think it's pretty obvious that the quality of life that kind of society provides has diminishing returns."
IÉ??m sure if they add another camera lens and decrease the weight by .002 grams the next one will sell like crazy
lol ????weÉ??ll they are selling the same thing lol ???? for more money you gotta be real dumb to go to apple every year for a new phone you really want quality you get samsung apple has been stealing from samsung for a longtime for a reason lol ????
Employees preorder the phones just like everyone else every year. They can always buy the phone on release date. This article is so dumb. It should be taken down
"A few days after the announcement, I honestly couldnÉ??t remember if it was the iPhone 16 or 17 that just came out. 

Prolly didnÉ??t help that iOS 18 just came out. 

I have an iPhone 13 mini that works just fine. My phone before that was an iPhone 7. 

Every few generations IÉ??ll upgrade."
Yes. Pretty much always same day as preorders for all except the most of insanely in demand products
Yes. This type of article comes out every year to clickbait people but each iPhone becomes the best selling ever simply because there's more people wanting a new phone. People will buy whatever is for sale as their upgrade.
Yea but thereÉ??s a wait period for popular devices.
"Sir, this is /r/technology, where all of the competitors in the Mobile Phone space have to push the narrative that ?ˇApple Bad, however they can, so random janky Android budget phones seem like a competitive product.?ˇ"
TheyÉ??re giving me $1000 for my 11. Insane
Same. 12 pro -> 16 pro
"IÉ??m expecting IÉ??ll do this next year, carriers are actively encouraging users to keep their phones for 3 years due to paying your trade in value out on your bill over a 3 year period. IÉ??m not going to upgrade my 14PM and end up losing $333.33 (repeating of course) from my last trade in."
"I work for a carrier. 3-4 years is the sweet spot to upgrade and get the best deal, as long as you donÉ??t mind being locked to your carrier for the next 3 years"
"Whatever crazy math they are doing to give you that trade in value they are still making money on you for the upgrade, there are very smart people calculating the terms and they are not losing money on it."
What? I have a 13 pro and am being offering $250. What carrier is this?
"Is it Verizon and are they making you ""upgrade"" plans to the ultimate unlimited plan?"
"Yep. I worked at Apple for over 10 years and they continuously got better and better at making iPhones available on EPP earlier and earlier. Plus, this article is about iPhone 16, not 16 Pro. I believe Apple made non-Pro phones available on EPP day 1 for a number years recently? Those are usually lower in demand when compared to Pro phones.

Article is sensationalizing demand issues. I donÉ??t doubt demand is lower seeing as how thereÉ??s little reason to upgrade from 14/15 series, but the employee discount program has nothing to do with it."
"Yeah. This article is speculative and misleading. 

I mentioned this in another comment. My brother works for Apple and ordered me a phone the moment preorders opened with his discount. And I mean the moment they opened. Which was late as Apple was having issues again.

There was no lacking demand in minute zero."
"This. Unbelievably misleading headline - yes, many years ago there was a big delay between general and EPP availability - now, almost everything is available on EPP from day one."
WeÉ??ve been able to get new phones same-day for years. It was really only until the 5s or 6s that we couldnÉ??t discount until months after release.
"TheyÉ??re not targeting annual upgraders, nor do they exist anymore. 

This is more about giving an iPhone 12 Pro or earlier user a push."
"Phones are getting to the point of being appliances. The form factor has been mostly finalized and determined, all the changes they can do now are small ones."
"The colors are not even that different. I used to be a fanboy but now I donÉ??t care much about their releases. All look the same, even the new features are boring as hell."
They added a button!
"No, they should come back with a mini.  I donÉ??t want a iPad sized phone in my pocket!"
"There are no value features to add is the problem.

People act like Apple can just conjure new technology out of thin air."
"I want a good phone with that is small like the SE. 

I refuse to buy giant phones that wonÉ??t fit in my pocket."
"I just have had no problems with my 14 pro maxÉ?? And itÉ??s running the new OS with no slowdown. Given nothing earth shattering in the features I just have no reason to upgrade, and IÉ??m like a die hard apple guy.?ˇ"
"Or you know lowering the price to compete in the markets where they can grow in. Their issue is China and other markets like India where android phones are more competitive and iPhones are just priced to high to compete. Most base android phones have 120hz or even 90hz screens. 

Apple needs to make a popular low to mid end phone to compete in those markets"
"I hear this argument all the time. What feature are you looking for? At this point my iPhone 13 Pro Max is everything that I need. The phone market has matured much like the car market. It has become commoditized. Everything short of adding a mini projector in my phone, I honestly donÉ??t care about getting a new one unless my battery is cooked. Apples wants market share to sell services, the device is merely a gateway into the garden walled ecosystem. I canÉ??t think of a single feature I am missing. And as someone else has stated, this isnÉ??t about annual upgrades, this is for people 3-4 generations ago."
How much is the discount? I was always curious.
[deleted]
Everyone just wants to hate on it and create this narrative that the 16 has already failed. We live in the wildest time for technology. People have been jaded at this point.
Same. I will replace the battery of my 12 mini once it hits 80%
"I got the 13mini around halfway between the 14 and 15 (was trying to time a sale with when I got bonus points on my credit card). IÉ??m not planning on buying a new iPhone until they make a mini again. I donÉ??t want to leave this ecosystem, so I have a charger in my office and a lightweight portable battery I carry in my everyday carry bag. WeÉ??ll see how long I can make it like this, though."
I loved my mini but upgraded to the 14pro for the camera as I use it at work a lot.    If they brought back the mini IÉ??d be so happy but instead my next upgrade I decide on IÉ??ll probably go back to android.  I know the form factor is bigger than I want but the galaxy s24 fe rumors are mostly in line with what I want and I wonÉ??t get a wheeling notification that my iCloud is full trying to get me to pay for an upgrade.
This is so true.  My wife has small hands and wants a small phone and we aren't sure what to do now.
"replace the battery and upgrade to ios 18. Apparently, it has some good battery optimizations."
"For me, that could turn into 17 or 18 if the 13 Pro lasts long enough. ItÉ??s just not cost effective, and my carrier is kind of shady on the trade-in value, forcing a plan upgrade."
Mini gang represent
Why did I read this in bob marleys voice
12 Mini gang! IÉ??ll run mine into the ground
[deleted]
"I miss my 12 Mini, even the É??regularÉ?ù size ones feel massive."
"No one bought it (only 3-6% of all iPhone 12/13's sold in the US), and they can't make enough money off niche users to justify it. People want big phones now, and Apple does too, I mean the new 16 Pro Max is 6.9"" lol"
"The iPhone Mini was disastrously unpopular. Like, one of the worst selling products Apple has ever released. It would not make a difference here."
"Same

The mini is the perfect size

I don't need an iPad Jr. in my pocket"
Same (minus red). But we seem to be the minority because the mini sales werenÉ??t great to phrase it lightly.
"Weirdly I think it did stabilize. As someone else pointed out, these arenÉ??t really aimed at making people upgrade annually anymore. The option is there of course, it always will be."
12 mini here! Still runs just as fast as when it was new minus the aged battery
My dream is to have one phone for a minimum of 5 years
"*Capitalism enters the chat*

*Publicly traded company enters the chat*"
"12 pro max. No intention of upgrading. Everything works great, and until this thing fully dies I wonÉ??t be getting a new one"
"Not even Apple thinks that. All over their website the 16 series is directly compared against the 12 series.

They expect you to hold on to your phone for a few years, they just release one annually no different than car manufacturers do."
Honestly 2 yearly upgrade would be fine. More time to innovate and get stuff actually ready for launch rather than É??coming soon!É??. Incredible own goal to launch this phone on the basis of it being ready for Apple Intelligence and itÉ??s not even on it at launch.
"As someone who works in Wealth Management, I think people are just tired of buying them all the time for features that aren't all that great. Apple had a great run, but unless they change up a lot of things, this is going to be the way it is."
"This is not really that true, especially after the fed lowered rates today for the first time since Covid. People are finally just becoming hip to the fact that phones are made well enough to last and donÉ??t change enough year over year to justify buying a new one. IÉ??ve worked in the cellular industry since 2012."
É??More and more warning signs are flashing!!!É?ù says the person on the exact same day the Fed is cutting rates because inflation is finally cooling.
"What flashing signs? 

Inflation dropping and we beat every other G7 nation at curbing it, stock market booming, rate cuts in, unemployment at all time lows, wage increases for low and middle class have beaten inflation for the past 3 years. All signs are that the economy is pumping. 

The truth is phones aren't revolutionary year over year anymore, the product has been insanely solid since the 12, marginal gains aren't drawing crowds."
[deleted]
That hasnÉ??t stopped anyone before. The more basic explanation is that the 14 and 15 iPhones are still very good and no notable new features were added. Maybe their intelligence features will create the demand but thatÉ??s very dependent on the execution.
Yeah but they cut interest rates so everyone should have more money now
"Maybe a bit, but smartphones are approaching maturity in the eyes of most consumers where replacement cycles are starting to get longer. You used to have many customers buying a new phone every 2 years little clock work. You don't see that as much anywhere. As carriers have shifted away from subsidies customers already had less motivation to buy a new phone as they directly see the cost of the phone now. Add less compelling upgrades and I don't upgrade cycles ever returning to being as fast as they used to be."
"Would it surprise you that...

>Net wealth as a share of disposable personal income - a broad, relative measure of the household sector's financial wellbeing É?? has climbed to 785%, the highest point in two years, while household debt as a share of GDP has fallen to 71%, the lowest level in 23 years.

...of course it would!  Because everyone has swallowed 'economy bad' talking points without thinking twice.  Or, more likely, thinking at all."
I think it also speaks to how good current phones are. My phone has yet to fail me. Why spend big money on a new one?
"It seems like pretty much everyone that is upgrading is doing it, because their old iPhone's battery is weak. My gf got her 14 Pro less than 2 years ago, and she says she needs to upgrade, because hers doesn't even last a day. It seems crazy to me. My S23+ lasts 2 days, easily. I might just bring her phone into a third party repair shop to get a new battery... if they can, that is."
Nothing new to innovate. Every phone does everything now. What is there left to innovate?
"Tech in general has come to a crawl. The only thing É??flourishingÉ?? is AI, but even that is simply the next housing bubble."
"I think apple wants to innovate, they really do, but they also need to make sure their products have that legendary reliability apple is known for. Their current form factor is 'safe'"
8 plus gang over here and my battery is starting to last most the day usually getting low after work and IÉ??m even still not sure IÉ??m ready to upgrade yet cuz it still works fine.
ThatÉ??s what I was thinking. IÉ??ve got employee discounts at every place IÉ??ve ever worked at. Successful or unsuccessful
"The USB2 sounds embarassing but few poeple ever transfer something over cable. There isn't display output, but Apple doesn't support that in SW, so it doesn't matter.

The big thing for me is 120 Hz. That's such a basic expected thing, but Apple can't be arsed to make their products as smooth as any 400$ Android phone, just to make everyone in the garden more likely to get the Pro."
"USB3 speeds only really matter if youÉ??re moving a shit ton of files regularly enough that a cloud storage solution isnÉ??t easy enough. And if thatÉ??s the case, you probably have a Pro model anyway for all the video youÉ??re shooting.

No, what pisses me off about the non-pro models is that these are $800 phones that STILL only have a 60hz display."
"What percentage of users, the common user, would use let alone benefit from USB 3? My guess is essentially none of them. I think it's a reasonable distinction as a pro model feature."
"iPhone 14 still had a Lighting connector. Not a huge deal, but definitely going to get progressively more annoying as time goes on."
Guess you're waiting for the 17?
"Employees personal discounts (one device per year) usually available day one or within a month. Friends and family discounts (10 devices per year) are based on demands. When iPhone 14 was released, FF
discount wasnÉ??t available until late November. 
This time both personal and FF discounts are available now."
"Not in the Personal EPP Store that Apple employees use. In the friends and family store, yes, there are often wait periods."
Kind of shows just how much people are overpaying for their plans.
TheyÉ??re not É??givingÉ?ù you anything. TheyÉ??re keeping you (a guaranteed paying customer) for another 2-3 years. While also selling your old phone to someone else.
"Same ,pretty much forced to upgraded this point"
"Are you on Verizon with the Unlimited Ultimate plan? It would cost me an extra $28 per month or $672 over two years. I might be forced to upgrade my plan in a few years, but not this year!"
[deleted]
"Huh.  Verizon only offers me $160 for my 12pro.  AppleÉ??s offering $220.  Gazelle offered $204.

(But IÉ??m a contract-less monthly user of Verizon, not a subscriber, and IÉ??m a É??bring your own phone guyÉ?ù so theyÉ??d never get that $1000 back from me in monthly rental charges.)"
Apple ran out of ideas to innovate on smartphone processing. All the upgrades now are software and anything to help make it easier to communicate in emergencies.
Lmao Leeroy?ˇ
"> carriers are actively encouraging users to keep their phones for 3 years due to paying your trade in value out on your bill over a 3 year period

Dude the word encouraging is wearing a disguise in that example.

They're requiring you to sign a 3 year contract."
Oh good info! I used to try for every 2 years (to get the next gen release instead of an S model) but now phones are too costly that carrier promotions donÉ??t cover it all.
If you pay off the phone early can you get out or no
Exactly. The $1000 trade in offer means I go from $110 for all lines to $90 just for that one single line.    Yea. Not saving any money there jack.
"Exactly. T-Mobile offered me a $1000 credit ($41.66/mo credit) on an iPhone 16 Pro if I switched to a plan that was $60/mo more expensive. Fuck that, I don't need any of the features on the more expensive plan! Just stayed with my current plan and traded in my old phone for $200. By staying with my existing plan, my new phone costs $800 over 24 months. If I moved to the new plan to save $1,000, my new phone costs $1,440 over 24 months."
">there are very smart people calculating the terms and they are not losing money on it.



Rule of thumb the number they offer you is the money you stand to loose (within 10%) if you go with the plan."
If they are being offered a lot it likely just means the plan they are joining is way over priced (ie. They lock them into an expensive multi year plan but sweeten the deal by over paying for the trade in).
Verizon offers $1k for a regular 13 but it requires being on the $90/mo plan.
"be carefulÉ??..read the fine print.  I got $800 É??offÉ?ù a new 13 Pro by trading in my 11 or 12?  

The trade in value is not given all up
front; it is spread out monthly over 3 yrs.  If you pay the phone off early, then you lose the remaining discount and you pay the retail balance and not the discounted balance.

Again, read the fine print."
"Most companies have become more ""aggressive"" in offering discounts to employees at launch because it's seen as a perk in the industry. 

As usual these blogs are sensationalist and written by people outside of the industry looking in."
That matches my memory as well
"I have been thinking about a new battery for my 12 Pro.  Still works, but battery health is 80%."
"Yeah, IÉ??m one of those considering buying a new phone as IÉ??m still using an 8."
"Annual upgraders 100% exist 

TheyÉ??re just a minority now"
I have a 13 pro max and have no intention to upgrade in the next 3 years. Unless they come out with something mind blowing (doubt).
"This the thing that people just donÉ??t get. The overwhelming majority of people do *not* upgrade their phones every year or two. These people donÉ??t exist, and Apple knows this. The new iPhone exists to be more appealing to people ready to upgrade after 5+ years. The gap between the 15 and 16 is minimal, but the gap between the 12 and 16 is more noticeable."
"IÉ??m a 12 and will upgrade, my charging port hasnt worked in 3 years and IÉ??d like the better camera but most importantly as a boater the satellite sos"
As they shouldnÉ??t. Annual upgrades are a waste of money and are awful for the environment. ItÉ??s literally nothing but waste for the sake of vanity.
"Exactly you DONT HAVE to buy a new iPhone every year. Of course you won't notice a difference, and of course apple would love that but they don't expect every to buy ever Year.?ˇ

They make a ""new"" every year because there's always a new customer to iphones, or someone has an 11 or 12 and is ready for a new one and they will see tje difference."
"I still have the iPhone 8. IÉ??m not buying the 16, though."
Hardly. We used to have appliances that lasted for decades.
"I haven't really noticed much in terms of upgrades since my Pixel 2 XL. I've got a Pixel 8 now, but it's not wildly different. Yes it's nicer, the cameras are a bit better, nothing that knocks my socks off.

I remember back in the day going from iP3GS to iP4 and it was a crazy upgrade.

The Pixel Fold does look pretty sweet though, I feel like that could seem like a pretty sweet change from mine."
the 15 and 16 pro color lineup has been some of the blandest colors iÉ??ve seen in the pro in ages with different shades of bland grey n black. bring back the purples and the blues and the greens in the pro lineup (12/13 pro blue and green were probably some of the best pro colors in recent memory)
"iOS 18 has a lot of great upgrades, but it's not like that's locked to the 16 only.  I was planning on a 16 Pro this year to upgrade my 13 Pro, but I might just hold off or get a 15 Pro.  Really, I just miss USB-C with Android and would like to move from the Lightning Cable."
"DoesnÉ??t matter to me anyway. With how fucking slippery the brushed metal or glass backs are, the damn things slide off of any non-level surface. IMO cases are a requirement, so the color doesnÉ??t matter in the slightest to me.

As an aside, I think my favorite iPhone model (and the only one I never got a case for) was the 5C. If you donÉ??t remember, it was the cheaper model with the guts of the iPhone 5 while the 5S was the hot new model. The 5C came in a whole bunch of colors with a *polycarbonate* shell instead of metal or glass. I wish theyÉ??d do something like that again if they make a new S model."
Hey!! ItÉ??s not a button ok? ItÉ??s a camera control!
"Pleeeeease. Even my SE is a bit too big really. I donÉ??t even have small hands. 

I want a phone the size of one of those foldable vertical phones (when folded). Thumb reach across the whole thing. Insanely pocketable.  It would be sick!"
I agree. If they had a mini I'd consider buying one.
I watch a lot of YouTube/Sports on my phone so having the bigger screen is nice
The mini barely fits in my pocket! I donÉ??t know how I would carry around anything bigger
"I absolutely despise the size of cell phones now. TheyÉ??re goddamn iPads, youÉ??re right."
"oil history recognise zealous enjoy file live treatment versed full

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*"
"The feature was supposed to be AI, but the reality is that most people donÉ??t care about AI, especially not when the features arenÉ??t even available yet.?ˇ

Tech media and of course the companies pushing AI sure do want us to believe we care because the amount of money and resources involved is huge. Personally, until IÉ??ve got a Jarvis level AI on my phone IÉ??m not sure itÉ??s really much better than a translation app for me.?ˇ"
"Well to be fair, their entire marketing schtick since forever has been that thatÉ??s exactly what they do.

I guess they are out of ideas.

And it has already happened with iPads. ThereÉ??s been nothing more to add to it for years, they just chuck in a faster processor every year or two even though nobody asked for it."
IÉ??ve still got a 13 mini. My girlfriendÉ??s Galaxy is enormous in comparison.
"The 14 Pro Max is still so new.

When I went to Japan I was astounded at the number of iPhone 7s and 8s I interacted with. Granted, they were mostly poor college kids I was trying to AirDrop band photos I took."
"AppleÉ??s market share is growing steadily in that part of the world. And as their economy keeps growing so will the demand for iPhones. The last thing Apple should do is release budget phones, it will just muddy their brand image. High status means everything in Asia."
Or make their app market not a royal pain to dev for.
I used to work there itÉ??s 25%
25% personal and 15% friends and family.
ItÉ??s 25% for one of each device and 15% for two more. Or it was when I worked there 10 years ago.?ˇ
And the article says they sold 37 million units already. ThatÉ??s not a small number!
76% 12mini checking in!
"Are you suggesting that the 5GB free icloud space since 2011 is not enough for your brand new  2024  $1K 128GB iPhone? 

Well, we can't give you more space as it's only gotten more expensive over the last 13 years, so please spend money on a subscription."
There are dozens of us!
"They knocked it our of the park with the mini, then just stopped making it. ???ù"
75% on my 12 mini. Not giving it up.
"Hardly disastrous just disappointing and far from the worst. Roughly 20 million were sold between the 12 and 13. Every time thereÉ??s a post about new iPhones Mini owners flock to complain about how new phones are too big for their hands. Perhaps Apple, world leader in accessibility, could help those users somehow."
"It feels that way to me. I have a 13 and it feels just as fast and ""new"" as it did when I got it within the month of its release.

The only thing that would ever push me to a new iPhone is USB-C"
I had my iPhone 8 for 5 years. I also had my iPhone 5 for 5 years. I think it's already quite doable.
"Stay out of this Capitalism, no one asked you"
"Yes and no, I think the release cycle is fine if you see it for what it is: A small refresh not intended to make you upgrade every year, but so that when you upgrade, youÉ??ve got the most up to date model. 

It would kinda sting if your phone broke right before a new one launched, so you had to buy a 2 year old model tbh - especially nowadays where more people actually hit the É??no more updatesÉ?? point. Getting two years less support would a bit shit IMO."
"ThereÉ??s no reason to upgrade until your current phone stops getting software updates or you decide itÉ??s time to upgrade.

IÉ??m typing this on an iPhone 11, before that it was a 6S and before that it was a 4S. IÉ??ve been looking at upgrading but honestly not in any rush."
ItÉ??s not an Apple exclusive thing. Smartphones canÉ??t be constantly innovative every year
"With all due respect, simply by saying ""as someone that works in wealth management,"" you're essentially saying you're surrounded by people with greater-than-average wealth."
"yep, toasters used to be the cool new thing and people would show off their new toasters with the new features. But then the toaster became pretty much as good as you could expect it to be at toasting bread and people stopped caring. There's a technology connections video about a toaster that was in some ways better than modern ones."
I'd say Apple is still having a great run. The phones are solid and software updated frequently enough that no one feels like they have to keep replacing them. Im still on a 13pro and plan on keeping it at least another year. Its does everything I need and does it well.
"That's a big reason Apple has been adding new products and services as upgrade cycles for most of their customers are getting longer on iPhones. There still is some potential iPhone sales growth as the middle class grows in China and India, but Apple really needs to add new products and services to keep revenue and profit growth at a significant pace."
"It's just getting to the point where smart phones are a pretty mature technology.  There just isn't much change year to year anymore.  

Back when they were new, each year there were huge leaps in speed, battery life, and cameras.  It's getting harder to significantly improve those"
This. I saw Verizon reported that their revenue growth was likely going to slow due to longer replacement cycles. It's no big secret that people are holding to their phones longer and that's across all price points.
"This right here. Although I do still think that the impression of how strong the economy is remains quite dependent on your income:grocery bill ratio. Those living paycheck to paycheck or on a tight income are still feeling some post-covid inflation effects. 

Anyway. 

For Apple to have a blow out year again they need to make a big step, iterative changes have just been too meh. Maybe itÉ??s super tight AI integration, maybe not, maybe itÉ??s some sort of VR projection tech or some good flex screen thing. I have really no reason right now to move from my 14 pro. Maybe they should have considered delay of 16 models until the AI was ready."
"I actually do agree with most of your post, but:

> rate cuts in

This one is the opposite of the rest of your post. Rate cuts mean the economy isn't doing amazing and they're trying to promote more spending."
The Fed announced a rate cut today. That's a pretty definitive sign that the economy is not doing as great as people think.
"Yeah, I have no idea what that guy is talking about, people are buying tons of crap."
Agreed 100%. ItÉ??s a shame this comment will likely gain traction and people will take it as the truth because somebody gave it an award (didnÉ??t even know that was a thing on Reddit still)
The Fed literally just cut rates today because of itÉ??.things are moving in the right direction.
"Even with inflation dropping, itÉ??s still inflation added to the record inflation we saw the last couple of years. Those grocery costs and housing costs arenÉ??t dropping yet, theyÉ??re just slowing down on increases."
If she has apple care she could just replace it for $99 instead
Are some people still not using optimised battery charging? What are they doing to drain it that much it canÉ??t last a day?
"literally the only thing people care about now is battery and enough space to store the countless photos and videos. Everything else is a gimmick. We dont want them thinner or lighter, speed has peaked and really just comes down to wifi speed for 90% of what we do with them. Sure, occasional camera upgrade is nice but negligible year to year."
Most people donÉ??t care about refresh rates is the truth. IÉ??m a tech guy and IÉ??d include myself in that. I have honestly got no issues with my SEÉ??s screen. Why make a fancier device if your target market doesnÉ??t care?
"> USB3 speeds only really matter if youÉ??re moving a shit ton of files regularly enough that a cloud storage solution isnÉ??t easy enough.

It's really only useful for USB drives to be honest. Connecting an iPhone even to a mac via cable is a PITA to actually move files in any straightforward way, let alone a PC, and if you're moving a lot of data you probably have a NAS or external storage solution setup anyways - and modern wifi is getting pretty fast.

> No, what pisses me off about the non-pro models is that these are $800 phones that STILL only have a 60hz display.

Yeah, that's a bigger deal IMO. It's even worse for the iPads since that higher refresh is extremely noticeable for even basic pen input."
"Honestly, I doubt IÉ??ll purchase another smartphone. 

Apart from scrolling here and the occasional photo, I barely use it. I can send text messages and take my maybe 2 calls per month on any cheap piece of shit."
"Yeah with Verizon I need to be on the É??unlimited ultraÉ?ù plan to get this É??$1000.É?ù So that plan is $30 more per month than my plan. 

$30 x 36 months (I think that the length of the agreement) = $1,080"
Yeah. These plans must be so dumb. And people here are bragging about them.?ˇ
Right? I donÉ??t get how people donÉ??t see they are just way overpaying for their plans. I switched to Mint a couple years ago and couldnÉ??t be happier. $35 a month for me and $15 for my wife because she works from home and is always on WiFi. ItÉ??s not hard to save up $1000 for a new phone when youÉ??re only paying $50 for service.
"> Kind of shows just how much people are overpaying for their plans.

Yup. These plans run about $40-60 a month. Even when you're NOT financing a device.

And I get the same quota, speeds and service on a $12/mo MVNO."
Kind of shows you how people can be so stupid to fall for schemes like this. Prepaid >>> Postpaid
"Right, so you get to upgrade to a brand new device in exchange for being locked in for 2-3 years. Plenty are happy to take that deal."
"IÉ??m sure he paying damn near $100 a month for that plan, if not more"
"Att, unlimited"
"This is common across the board. At Verizon, you have to be on the top or middle tier ($1,000 & $830 respectively). AT&T I forget, but IÉ??m on the top tier and theyÉ??re offering $1,000 off with trade-in."
"That's the catch. They will gladly give you just about any phone to lock you into an ""unlimited"" plan that costs an extra $30 bucks a month. You look at the fine print and they divide it up over 36 months. So you are trapped. If you want to leave you have to pay the difference owed on the phone. You still pay for the phone just not all up front. Hence why you still pay tax upfront on it because you are buying it."
nnnnJEEENNNKINNNNSSSSS
"Worse, it's not a contract on service like it used to be.  So they can raise your prices with impunity. In the past year Verizon has increased smartwatch access by $5/mo, cut the autopay discount in half ($15/mo for our three lines), and then a $4/mo ""fuck you for no reason"" increase.  $24/mo total increase for us.  We still have a few months with our 3 year bill credits, but it looks like switching to a low cost carrier would still be worth it despite losing those bill credits, so I'm about to do just that."
"Yea. My carrier specifically doesnÉ??t charge interest on your device installment, and itÉ??s really the only thing that can tie you down to their service. How these promotions work is you finance the device on your bill like normal, and they give you a credit each month to offset it. So from the carriers perspective, itÉ??s even more effective at making sure people wonÉ??t leave than when they used to offer contracts with actual termination feeÉ??s. YouÉ??d have to pay off the remaining device balance out of pocket, and also forfeit your remaining promotional credits, if you wanted to cancel your service."
My 14 was É??freeÉ?ù but IÉ??d have to pay $400 to upgrade now instead of next fall
Which carrier are you paying $110/mo for 4 lines but would go to $90/mo for one line to upgrade?
A-fuckin-men! TheyÉ??ll have to pry my 8 lines off a ONE plan if they expect me to effectively pay an extra $18 a month per line.
"90 a month is insane.
nowadays in canada i'm paying $29 for 40gb of data. $90 USD is bonkers.. don't care if it comes with 1T of data."
"Not only that, the Verizon deal specifically mentions adding a NEW line"
"Also, it's probably a bad look if your employees use a competitor's product."
I have a 12 pro. Im thinking about moving to the 16 but it isnt very enticing currently.
"I did this recently on my 11. It was $350 to replace my screen and battery*. My phone stays charged all day now. 

The person at the store told me they didnÉ??t recommend replacing the battery on a phone this oldÉ?? the other option was to buy a new phone for $1000. So I recommend the battery replacement.

*edited to include my screen replacement in the costÉ?? totally forgot."
It seems a lot of people are stuck at 80% battery health
"Yeah thatÉ??s fair! I was deciding what to do last year but my smartphone is my only camera, I wanted the higher refresh rate, longer battery life and the USB C port of the iPhone 15 Pro Max so I upgraded. 

IÉ??m probably gonna target 3-4 years for the next upgrade and I have AppleCare+ so I can just get the battery replaced mid cycle"
My 12 was a great phone until I gave it one too many rinses. Upgraded to the 15 recently and it has more shit I will never use but itÉ??s a little faster w/ a better camera and USB-C
Why not just change the battery?
My 13 mini has a 94% battery health but somehow still dies within a few hours.
Isn't there a theory that iPhones display 80% health when it's actually lower so people don't qualify for applecare replacements?
My 13 pro is at 79%
Lots of people's battery health is exactly 80% lol
"My android is as old as the 12 pro, I'd replace the battery before I buy a whole new phone. Phones are too expensive to not last at least 10 years imo."
">Minority now

Was that ever a large population of people?"
"desert whistle bear cooing ask toy impossible head crush chunky

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*"
"Like I upgrade annually, but I'm doing the upgrade plan thing because before getting on that I was paying the same, but upgrading every two years.

It helps that I actively use my phone for work though."
"We've reached peak smartphone, I wouldn't expect any mindblowing features anymore, just incremental improvements."
"Same here. Really like the large format and battery and everything works.

The only thing that would possibly make me upgrade is an interesting safety feature. I saw that as of (EDIT: iPhone 14) there's an emergency satellite SOS feature, which seems pretty nice for hiking. I was looking to get a Garmin beacon for that, but wouldnt need it if my phone can do it. I'm not in a rush to buy right now, but that was the first new feature I've seen in a while that I thought was really valuable."
Me with SE here thinking about it.
Ok but why not 12 to 15 if 15 to 16 is insignificant?
"My 12 pro charging port stopped working, used a flashlight and sewing needle to pull out a bunch of lint and shit and boom it works."
"My 8 is finally getting É??retiredÉ?ù, but since I have it jailbroken I think IÉ??m gonna turn it into an iMessage bridge. She served me well but one too many repair has taken a toll, and the performance issues (especially on websites) are getting intolerable"
Those appliances donÉ??t have lithium ion batteries. Battery degradation is the main driver of phone upgrades and there is not really much we can do about it.
"And we'd never accept a refrigerator that only allowed food from one store, or a stove that would only cook food from the same store.  And that store happened to be the same company that made the fridge and the stove

Things have changed"
"the regular 16's pink & blue look really pretty though, I'll give them that, if it had a 120hz screen, I'd buy it right away, but nope ????"
"Same. I find it very hard to let go of my 14 Pro because of the deep purple. It's such a nice color, and they made the braindead decision to get rid of it.

Apple hates personalization, and this time it seems it'll bite them in the ass. When the differences are so small, upgrades start hinging on aesthetics."
IÉ??m just trying to upgrade to get that USB-C because these damn lightning cables wear out like toilet paper.
To me thatÉ??s why i run a clear case where I can still have the grippiness of the case so it doesnÉ??t slide but it still shows off the beauty of the phone color (though this 16 pro lineup leaves SO MUCH to be desired in color palette)
"The AI is wack. 

OpenAI's most advanced models aren't even real AI. The whole thing is a joke. Wake me up in 10 years when we might actually have legit AI"
">I guess they are out of ideas.

Not ideas, technology. Apple is out of new technology.

When computers first came out, each new release was a huge deal because the technology was evolving so rapidly. Nowadays, a new laptop model is completely un-newsworthy because it's the exact same as last year's model just with slightly higher specs. 

>ThereÉ??s been nothing more to add to it for years, they just chuck in a faster processor every year or two even though nobody asked for it.

Yes, exactly. People just need to internalize that phones are at the same point in the technology lifecycle as laptops. The phone you currently have, other than maybe having a fold or two, will be nearly identical to the phone you have in five years, maybe even 10 years."
IÉ??ve never met an Apple employee. How was it? In office 100%
"IÉ??ve heard that it wasnÉ??t that popular overall. 

Everyone I know that has one LOVES it but I donÉ??t know a ton of people that have it, but it does fill a niche that a lot of people want which is a very small phone."
76% here in my 12 mini. The battery is so bad lol
They'd rather sell you a watch to use and a brick that has to stay in your pocket (if it fits).
Haha agreed.
"Yeah, IÉ??d love to upgrade my 11 but it works perfectly fine and I have no real need for a newer phone"
Hey someone on the exact same iPhone upgrade path as me! I was also 4S to 6s to 11. IÉ??ll be upgrading the 11 this Xmas though probably to a 16 Pro. CanÉ??t wait.
"Likewise, and when I upgrade the 11 itÉ??ll probably be to the 15 simply for the USB-C add."
"At this point there's really just... not that much more that you can add to a phone? They are already basically super-computers compared to what consumer technology was like when smartphones first started coming out. Like pictures and videos can only get so much better, etc."
"I think that's his point, even the wealthy aren't upgrading YoY."
"brother, [70% of this country lives paycheck to paycheck](https://www.forbes.com/advisor/banking/living-paycheck-to-paycheck-statistics-2024/)"
"Its not whether you live pay-to-pay now, its about whether you own a home/have an insanely good mortgage rate. Otherwise you are paying out your ass for rent/housing."
"I get what you're saying, but rate cuts don't necessarily mean the economy is struggling. Central banks sometimes lower interest rates as a proactive measure to sustain economic growth or to counteract external factors like global market uncertainties. If inflation is under control and employment is strong, a rate cut can help keep the momentum going by encouraging borrowing and investment. So, it's not always about trying to fix a weak economyÉ??sometimes it's about making sure a good economy stays on track."
"There is no such thing as no inflationÉ??.?

Unless you want deflation?  Which is actually considered just as bad if not worse considering all major crashes have been deflationary in natureÉ??."
But salaries outpaced inflation.
"Don't need AC for batteries, but AC will cover the cost if max capacity is <= 79%"
Doom scrolling.
"Lol I used to be with Verizon for over a decade. I walked in and said ""hey this commercial said I could get this discount for a new phone if I traded mine in"". I got told ""Thats only if you did the mail in rebate"". I pulled up an ad that BestBuy had the phone for half off at the time and if they would honor that, since you know, I'm trying to GIVE YOU MONEY. They got shitty with me yadda yadda. I told them to cancel the plan, went to Bestbuy and opened an account with a carrier for $35 a month unlimited, which hilariously uses Verizon towers for coverage. Fuck Verizon."
"Someone finally mathed it. 

Any carrier that offers a ""free"" device bakes in the subsidy, you always pay at least the full amount for the device, even when the OEM sells the device direct for less.

And this has always been the case. For decades.

Back in the day on Verizon, I got the Droid DNA. $199 up front on 2 year contract, $599 outright. At the end of the two years, I opted not to continue another 2 year term, paid for a MotoX Dev Edition outright and asked for the contract subsidy to be removed instead. Plan went down by $25 a month. 

$25 mo x 24 months = $600.

So instead of getting a phone for $199... I actually paid $799 for a $599 phone."
Same people who always trade in a car to the dealership
"FWIW this is actually just the new version of signing a years long contract. They dole out the $1000 at like $20-30 a month off your bill, if you leave you have to pay the remainder. If you are going to stick with them anyway makes no difference take the upgrade."
My coworkers were commenting about the price of the phones. I was talking about through AT&T I can basically get a new phone for free every couple years if I time it correctly with the trade in values line up.
I hope you at least have chicken.
"They really want to keep you hooked one way or another.?ˇ A few months ago I went to the att store to get a new phone.?ˇ I was getting an s24 ultra.?ˇ I told the guy what I wanted and he started telling me about how financing works yada yada.?ˇ I was like, no I just want to buy it straight up, no trade in or anything. He said, well once you finance it you'll get a payoff quote after you make your first months payment.?ˇ I was like, no why would I do that??ˇ I have the money here today.?ˇ I've had an att account for over 20 years. Told me he couldn't sell the phone without a financing plan and I needed to go to best buy!


Best buy wound up being a whole other series of headaches but at least I wound up with a clean factory unlocked version without any carrier crapware on it.?ˇ"
"Makes sense with grandfathering. Some cousins and I are on a Verizon plan that comes out to like $25 a line. If I want to get full value out of a trade in, I need to be on Unlimited Ultimate, which is either $55 a line for 4 lines or $100 a line for a single line. Asking multiple other people to pay over double their monthly just to save me $45 a month is selfish and makes no sense. So I gotta pay $75 extra a month instead if I want that, which obliterates the trade-in deal easily"
"Also, it helps bumps sales numbers"
"I have the 12 Pro Max. Same boat. IÉ??m thinking about changing carriers and possibly upgrading at the same time. But IÉ??m continuously disappointed in the new features or enhancements. The camera never seems as good as they keep making it sound. I still miss my 10S Max with the pressure sensitive touch too, getting rid of that feature makes everything else feel like a down grade."
Why buy the latest? The 14 or 15 are the same fucking thing. Get a brand new one at a discount.
"WoofÉ?? at $300, you got waxed. Find a better place to get your tech fixed.

Edit: when I replied to this post it had only said the battery was replaced."
$300 for a battery replacement? I had the battery replaced in my old 7 a few years ago for $80 CAD at a licensed Apple service location. ThatÉ??s a huge jump!
"Support.apple.com/iphone/repair says itÉ??s $89 USD + tax. Incl parts & labor. YouÉ??re either leaving something out like you needed a broken screen replaced as well, or you forgot to say which currency youÉ??ve converted that to. 

I know, because I had to replace the screen before they could do the battery too because it has to be removed to get to the battery."
You paid $300 for a battery replacement? You got fucked lmao.
[deleted]
Almost like it was programed to plateau at 80%.. nah Apple wouldn't do that.
WaitÉ??AppleCare lets you change the battery? Whats the cost for a new battery?
Why male models?
10 years?! ThatÉ??s a bit ridiculous?ˇ
Agreed. My current Android is 8 or so years old and I can't really see any reason to upgrade it. Newer phones even have less features so what the hell is there to even upgrade
"In the first decade of smart phones, absolutely.


But that also came with huge benefits between generations.


Now you're trading up for a phone that usually just has a better camera."
"I used to do it, but now I can barely justify and upgrade every two years to myself."
"Probably, 5-10 years ago or so now. Because back then, phones did have pretty big generational jumps. I certainly upgraded yearly for quite a while until I got my 12 Pro Max, at which point I've been doing every other year but I'm not feeling particularly compelled to go from my 14pm to the 16 series right now anyway."
"I upgrade annually, but lets not fool ourselves into believing that we're paying the same as upgrading every 2 years. On the upgrade plan, you're always paying the first half of a loan amortized over 2 years. For simplicity, lets say the iPhone 16 costs $1200. That means every year you're paying $600 for your phone.

Contrast that with keeping the phone for 2 years under the same amortization (ie. you're on the upgrade plan, but you decide not to preorder and instead keep the phone for 2 years, after which it is now 100% yours). That means:

Year 1: $600

Year 2: $600

However, on year 3 you sell your two-year-old phone for half of what you bought it for (not an unreasonable estimate) for $600. You then start a new two-year loan under the upgrade plan and use the money from the sale to pay off the first year:

Year 3: $600 - $600 = $0

Year 4: $600 = $600

You then sell your two-year-old phone again for $600, and the cycle repeats. You're paying $0 one year, then $600 the next, and they alternate. You average $300 a year.

The iPhone upgrade plan is great for convenience of swapping phones without having to use eBay or other markets, but upgrading your phone every year is still costing you roughly double what it would cost to upgrade every 2 years. I don't do it as a rational thought process; I just like getting the new phone :)"
"It's basically the same problem Microsoft is facing with Windows. The job of an operating system is to get out of the way and enable things that run on top of it to run smoothly. The user interfaces are already polished, the settings do what they need to smoothly, and the peripherals all work as well as anyone needs. Capitalism in general is really bad at handling things once they've reached the point of being fully optimized. When things get to the point that making long lasting, durable products is the last thing to innovate, progress goes backwards. What's ""best"" in terms of market metrics stops being related to what's ""best"" from a customer's standpoint. ""Best"" from a market's standpoint is often completely contrary to any rational criteria or even the survival of life on Earth."
"All of the iPhones since the 14 have satellite SOS, road assistance, and messaging.

I live in a place where coverage can get very spotty or not even exist. We have winters that kill people, so it definitely gives some peace of mind.

I never once thought IÉ??d ever have a satellite capable device in my pocket."
They introduced that with the 14s and it's definitely something I took into account because I like to go out into the woods and desert where there's no cell service. Knowing my phone has satellite capabilities is nice.
Same but also my SE does everything I need without issueÉ??
"Many people will go from things like the 12 to the 15 since they'll be cheaper with the 16 launching, which still means Apple will be making sales there too."
"Mine is clean as a whistle, just broken.  Just used wireless charging and ear buds since"
"IÉ??m seeing a lot of people here stopped at 12 like me. Until thereÉ??s a significant improvement in the battery, nothing else will make me upgrade."
"EU making all phones have replaceable batteries means there is at least something companies can do about it. IIRC they have until 2027 so a few years away before your phones ""should"" be lasting much longer since the main component that fails is usually the battery."
"lol, you are just spouting the company's narrative ""not really much we can do about it"", replaceable batteries should be the norm"
They probably just wanted something else besides the camera system to separate the 16 models from the pro models ????
"You've got that backwards. Legit AI and social media's projection of AI are entirely different things. Machine learning models have been around for literal decades and are legitimate AI. Buzzword AI that says it should be able to form the same complexity of personality and thought as a human? THAT doesn't exist, but that's not the only kind of AI."
"AI is the 3D TVs of the IT world.
Or maybe VR is a more apt comparison."
"It was a college job for me. I worked retail. Honestly great, way higher pay than any similar job. I have family that still works there and their benefits are incredible. No complaints at all."
"It's heavily team dependent. Teams also have a lot of hiring autonomy and big orgs have their own infrastructure sometimes even. There's also a lot of internal mobility. So yes ""some people are at Apple for 10 years"" but sometimes it's on five different teams.

The general experience is it's more work than most big tech companies, bit less comp and shittier benefits, but waaaaaaay better leadership and stability."
"We're in 3 days a week, 2 from home, Apple Pay..."
I did 2 tours. First as a Mac Genius so that was obviously all in-store. Second round was as a Systems Engineer on the Enterprise sales team about 10 years later. That was 100% remote from home. Loved it.
"My friends mom was an engineer on the original iPhone team, and she gave me and my friend meal tickets to use in AppleÉ??s employee cafeteria (this was in Cupertino). I remember going there with her during the Summer (without her mom, surprisingly now that I look back on it) and LOVING the food they offered. Two random teenagers sitting in the Apple cafeteria scarfing down free food lmao, good times. Most people IÉ??ve known really loved their jobs at Apple, though I canÉ??t speak for the retail side of things."
"My theory was that was because they called it a É??miniÉ?ù people took it for being a lesser phone. They should have called it É??iPhone 12 AirÉ?ù or if the small size was just the base iPhone and then the others were plus and max or something then it would have sold like hotcakes. I bet many people are just looking for the default baseline iPhone. ItÉ??s all a marketing failure. 

- 12 mini owner here."
"We need to stop saying this out loud, or thereÉ??s going to be an upgrade that breaks our phones (again) ???Æ"
ThatÉ??s kind of where IÉ??m at. My girlfriend has a 14 and I like the display and clarity but itÉ??s not enough to push me to upgrade.
"If every phone looks more or less the same and the cameras are all decent enough for social media, phones aren't able to be a status symbol to flash around anymore."
"I know its not factual or data or anything... But I know of no one who's pay has gone up over this period, my group is pretty open about pay and we are all struggling."
Holy shit $35 is cheap.  Which carrier/plan do you have now?
"Well most carriers use Verizon AT&T and T mobile. I pay $15 a month for 15 GB which is wild that people need like 4k streaming, unlimited data with international calls. Like damn people chill I doubt their usage warrants the cost. most of the time im in WiFi range É?? only time im not is when im on my daily runs in which case i just stream music."
"Yep, still the exact same way they run things. Verizon kept spamming me about a ""Free"" upgrade for my iphone 11, read the fine print and whaddya know the extra that you spend on the premium plan you need to get with it pays for the phone and then some for the period you're locked into it. 

You pay them to take your old phone and sell it off for an extra 500$ as ""Like New!"". Despite paying more, you'll still lose service when everyone rolls into town on game day and crashes the network.

Took a hard pass on that and got an unlocked 14 direct from Apple instead for about 400$ less than I was supposedly ""saving"" by trading it in at verizon. If it sounds too good to be true, it's cause it is."
"Eh, there's more to consider than that. You are in fact getting more from the more expensive plan and it's not like the price of the plans change if you don't choose to take the carriers up on their trade-in offers.

It's also not a free device. You are trading in an existing device which still has a significant resale value."
"MotoX dev edition is the best phone I ever owned. LOVE the size.

My next few phones were motoX pure's that broke one after another and each time I put my sim back in my favorite phone.

Then one day I was hiking, tripped and fell on some rocks. My little motoX dev took the brunt of it and that was the end. It's last act was sparing me from (even more) injury."
"What do you mean??? The carrier wasnÉ??t just being nice and giving me a free phone for being a customer??

Lmao"
"It's insane to me that anyone pays for these mobile plans anymore. 

I used to pay $50 **per month** per line at T-Mobile. I switched to Mint, unlimited: $300 **per year** per line, same towers.

These carriers massively overcharge their customers. I could make it even cheaper but just going to a limited plan but meh."
"People who value time and ease more than the money theyÉ??d save. Neither is right or wrong, just everyone has different situations."
"I'm rural, so AT&T are the only ones who have a tower near my place that doesn't suck. I don't love them, but they have provided consistent good service for a long time so I just keep doing the upgrade offer."
"ThatÉ??s where Samsung drops the ball, is that they donÉ??t have any storefronts where you can cut out the middle man. If I want a unlocked iPhone all I have to do is visit a Apple store. Their customer needs comes first and thereÉ??s no hard sales pitch ever involved. 

TheyÉ??re there to serve you the product you want with maybe some recommendations or added services suggested, but other than that itÉ??s always going to be what you want."
"Bingo.  Legacy plan. I donÉ??t need super 5wide G unlimited data etc.  
  
We are usually at home and rarely out and about where I need to use data in that quantity. In fact we usually roll over data each month."
Force Touch was the shit honestly
"Same here, 12 Pro Max. Thought I was going to buy the 16 Pro Max at release, but it was just so underwhelming. And Apple Intelligence won't be up in the EU for quite some time it seems."
i am going 16 pro max from 12 pro max.   I think its enough incremental changes for me to be happy
"I'm still on the XS max from 2018 (battery health at 78%) and find all new iphones super annoying cos it doesn't have force touch! Also the size of this phone is so perfect that the new regular size feels small and the larger size feels overly huge. I'm considering upgrading for the camera quality, the display refresh rate and all that, but honestly don't feel super excited about any new phone at the moment... The XS max has absolutely ruined me for other phones"
"I had that extra touch on the 7 I think. Loved it. 

The 12 was an upgrade from speaker-shot 7, which replaced my faulty antennae 6, which replaced my shattered screen 4s. Maybe ill hold on to it until i absolutely need to upgrade."
"Thing is the cost of parts is so high and labor is so intensive with the anti consumer practices that we can't be surprised at how pricey repairs are. 

Meanwhile you should look at some of the tech YouTubers, still trying to talk about how great the latest iPhone is.  iPhone is literally still at 60hz. Their executives refused to call the new button a button (no seriously watch some of the interviews). 

The smartphone market sucks and there is almost no reason to upgrade. Enshitification is here now."
"I havenÉ??t done it yet, but when I went to ask they quoted me $80 Cad as well. This is in Ontario. $300 for a new battery is absurd."
For the battery of my 11 pro changed 2 months ago in France I paid 100É?™
Oh you know what I did forget! I had to have my screen fixed!!! IÉ??m over here spreading misinformation!
i really hope robux.
"For people who don't get the reference, less than 80% is their threshold for replacing the battery under warranty/apple care."
I've been at 81% for months on my 12 pro max. Decided against upgrading this year but really want to change the battery under apple care if it would just drop 2 more points already. I've had it since launch so I find it hard to believe it hasn't dropped more
IÉ??m actually at 79%?ˇ
"If it hits 80% capacity and you have AppleCare+, itÉ??s free.

IÉ??ve heard of some people in my country getting their battery replaced when it hits 82-83% too."
"I think battery is free with Apple care. Without, itÉ??s $89"
Even every 2 years is just crazy.
"> Capitalism in general is really bad at handling things once they've reached the point of being fully optimized.

It did invent planned obsolescence."
"YouÉ??re right, which is why Apple started transitioning to a services company a couple years ago for their primary revenue stream.

It matters less and less for Apple that you upgrade your hardware vs. pay for the Apple service bundle."
"And on the opposite end, everyone I know has gotten pretty large raises the last couple of years. Mine this year was just over 10%."
"$35-40/line is standard prices now.  Mint Mobile. Metro PCS, Straight Talk Wireless.  There are numerous carriers at this price point.  
Mint mobile apparently is only $30/mo with $15/mo 3 month introductory offer.  

https://www.mintmobile.com/phone-plans/3-month-plans/?selected=MINT-UNLIMITED-03-F15  

Cricket claims $25/mo here if you pay for a year upfront: https://www.cricketwireless.com/cell-phone-plans  

Essentially if you are on a major carrier you are likely paying 2-3 times the price for your service.  Yes you get priority but the number of times that has actually mattered for me is 0.  If you need a specific carrier you can find the right MVNO that subcontracts for the network that you want. Mint/Metro are all T-Mobile. Cricket is ATT.  Straight Talk uses all 3."
"Visible is $25/month for unlimited everything including 5g. We use a ton of data and haven't been throttled.

They also have a $45 plan but it's nothing I need. UW, smartwatch service, etc."
Probably Visible
There is a right and wrong if youÉ??re doing it for the wrong reasons. YouÉ??ve got people in here who think that theyÉ??re beating the carriers at their own game by trading in a phone and getting a $1000 credit. Do they honestly think Verizon is taking a loss here? That theyÉ??re running a charity?
They got a new screen and new battery.
"Dollary-doo's, Canadian Canucks, or New Zealand Pesos."
"Yeah, it stops around 80-83% for most people during the apple care time limit, and just happens to go below 80 after it expires."
Might be something to do with that massive lawsuit where apple tried to justify secretly throttling cpu speed by saying it was to extend battery life.
a battery replacement is only $89?? through Apple?!
Free battery IF it falls below 80% health while covered by AppleCare.
Could I add AppleCare + to an iPhone 13 Pro when itÉ??s at 81% and get a free battery replacement?
"These days the cheapest plans at major carriers are also deprioritized, and some of the MVNOs' plans actually have a higher priority than those cheap plans of the carrier whose network they're using. r/NoContract has a pinned post about it."
"I just switched to Us Mobile today on my main phone line from Verizon. Turns out their warp network is on the same high priority data qci8 (qci9 is deprioritized) and I pay half price for almost double the amount of high priority data than an equivalent plan with Verizon. The only carrier that doesn't appear to have the same qci levels (on US Mobile) is AT&T, but they still offer the option to have the same qci level for an extra fee, yet it is still cheaper than being on AT&T."
"I pay $180/year for Mint mobile. It's like $15/mo for 4GB of data per month.

I have wifi at home and work so it's perfect for me. Pay once and forget about it."
My favorite part of Mint is being able to pay once a year and then not think about it again for 364 days.
"Mint screwed over a big chunk of its user base a while back.

Used to be that you could get an international roaming plan for X number of minutes and it would be good for a year.  Lots of us who work overseas, or travel, but need an always working US based number to do things like interact with our banks and the like, found this extremely useful.  We used it infrequently, often never using all the minutes up, so it was basically free money for Mint.

They they merged with T-Mobile, canceled that, and came up with an incredibly shitty, super expensive, very short term international plan instead, that is only active for at most a week before it expires.  Totally fucked over a lot of people.

Need to find a different provider that offers something more like Mint used to offer."
"I had a terrible experience with Visible in my area, speeds were noticeably terrible and the coverage was the worst of any plan I've ever tried.  I wanted to like it, Verizon has good coverage for their main customers in my area, but it got to the point I couldn't do my job (which is very mobile). Quit after only a month."
I also have Visible!
"Oh for sure. TheyÉ??re maximizing their profit and locking you in for another year. IÉ??m not sure who doesnÉ??t think thatÉ??s the case but yeah, thatÉ??s not the path to maximizing savings."
It wasn't to extend battery life. It was to reduce voltage spikes under load that the degraded battery couldn't provide and would cause the phone to turn off.
"I did it a month or so ago for my 12 mini. Super easy and took about an hour and change. I walked the mall, had a drink and was phoneless. It was a really choice time. I recommend it."
"Depends on the model. For a 12, it's estimated to be 89 USD per the Apple support site. For a 16PM, it's 119USD"
"They got busted trying to pressure people into buying new phones, so they had to offer a goodwill gesture until people forget what they did and they can go back to business as usual."
"No, since you are well past the 60 days since purchase window to apply for AppleCare+"
"Technically no. It says that it has to be <80% battery health. Regardless, I'd doubt you'd be able to add it depending on how long ago you got the phone. Currently, there isn't even an option to try adding it to an iPhone 12 on the site rn. I guess you can check.

https://checkcoverage.apple.com/"
"thanks y'all, I'm moving back to the US soon and this is the kinda info I need

goodbye to my beautiful and perfect É?™10/mo pay-as-you-go ???õ"
We switched a few months ago and in our area itÉ??s been great. Probably just lucky to be in a good area I spose.
"Planning to do that with my 12, glad it was a good experience for you. I don't feel like I'm missing out on much. My phone still works pretty well for the apps that I use, no point in spending over 10x the amount for a new phone when my only gripe is battery life (and I guess lack of USB-C/dual e-SIM capability)"
still -- not bad at all -- i think. i'm just so used to Apple charging an arm and leg for everything that all of a sudden a $15 battery swap for $89 sounded so cheap in Apple world
"Use Google Fi! It's pretty good, I don't get the same throttling/speed issues I experienced using the other 2nd-tier wireless providers, and it's only $50/month and you can bring your own phone. Unlimited plan and includes wireless hotspot and lots of international coverage."
"If you can stand having only 2-5GB (which most people maybe can't) there are by the gig plans for $10-$15 ex. US mobile. Might even have priority depending on the device, idk"
"It's amazing considering it's an original battery (and I'm guessing includes labor), I could get some questionable origin battery for like $60 but would have to do it by myself and those batteries never feel to provide the ""full charge""."
"I was going to point out that no, science is not patriotic, what are you talking about, but then he hit me with

>Nye underlined that Article I, Section 8, Clause 8, states Congress shall É??promote the progress of science and useful arts.É?ù"
As a Canadian I canÉ??t wait for this to election to be over so I can get proper news
[removed]
What an appropriate post for this subreddit.
[removed]
"This is an article from September 26th.

Why is it being submitted and upvoted today?

Just curious because I'm seeing a lot of repeats making comebacks over the the last several weeks."
I'm upset that this is a conversation that needs to be had. More information leads to better decisions. Science is more information. It's that simple.?ˇ
"Science isn't partisan,?ˇ but scientists sure are.?ˇ?ˇ"
Science doesnÉ??t change based on the country involved
"18k+ upvotes, but all the top comments pointing out that this doesn't belong? How does that happen?"
I donÉ??t think the world was waiting for who Bill Nye was backing.
"My big issue with bill nye is that when heÉ??s pressed he canÉ??t slow things down and explain them for the average person. He just goes ITS SCIENCE! Watching him be interviewed on tv channels is rough because the explanations that they dig for are so rudimentary. 

He presents science like a pastor defending religion. Even bill nye saves the world had a lot of this energy"
[removed]
Science is patriotic and so is disagreement. Seperating consensus from objective truth requires it. Blind adherence to authority neither supports science or scientific advancement. Trusting the system is good. I doubt any of us truly understand enough about many of the deep fields of science to really make an accurate judgement but that does not therefor imply one must universally believe the experts. Science promises eventual consistency; not immediate perfection. We have seen this time and time again. Should I have trusted the experts about cigarette smoke? What about Teflon? Or the denial of evolution? Or even the heliocentric model? Science requires that people continually question the consensus. Experts though? With enough money you can pay an expert to say just about anything.
This is like announcing that Chuck Norris is endorsing TrumpÉ?? ItÉ??s not a story when someone whose politics are well known does exactly what youÉ??d except.
[removed]
Nye is not the arbiter of everything science.
Lately Im observing all reddit subs are having similiar posts where someone endorse or supports Harris.
Bill Nye said the ideal gas law doesnÉ??t exist and said the New England patriots cheated by deflating footballs. HeÉ??s been irrelevant and dead to me ever since. HeÉ??s a fraud.
THIS HAS SO MUCH TO DO WITH TECHNOLOGY
Unlike many people science changes as it changes. that is what makes it science
"""Science is patriotic?""   
Tell that to Germans!"
I voted Harris but Bill Nye isn't a scientist and people shouldn't care about what he thinks.  He's also by all accounts quite an ass.
"It right there in his title É??science guyÉ?ù. Not É??ScientistÉ?ù or É??É?ùscience aficionadoÉ?ù or É??science competentÉ?ù even. He is and always will be É??the person of the male persuasion for science and its conceptsÉ?ù and I appreciate anyone simply for the abject concept and appreciation OF science FOR sciences sake and  BY the science. That is the function of a É??science guyÉ?ù. Gals too but AFAIK, heÉ??s not one of them. But, IÉ??m sure he advocates for and this applies to them, just as equally"
"Nye, no science in this guy. He has been a liberal hack for decades."
Still pretending he a scientists then again Democrats affirm pretenders.
Do people still like this guy?
I miss when Bill was just a Kid's TV show host
"Science isnÉ??t patriotic either, thatÉ??s a dumb fucking statement right there."
This isn't technology news. God stop astroturfing this woman.
"Tampons need to be in the boys restroomÉ?? wow so much science, much wow"
Scientists do what the people who fund them tell them to do.
[removed]
Bro thinks he invented knowledge
Is this the same science that says thereÉ??s more than 2 sexes? Or that gender is a human construct?
Then why is he backing someone so weak on climate action?
"Tbh I have seen Bill mix politics with science, and he has had some very weak logic. 

IÉ??m a Dem but holy shit, I want to listen to someone thatÉ??s informed and not a bias celebrity."
"Rolling stone magazine, politics, and pop science communicators from 30 years ago who hold no real accomplishments..

Technology!"
Who?
Bill É??butt stuffÉ?ù Nye supports the democrats candidate?  Who could have seen that coming?
"does bill nye ""the science guy"" know that [kamala is all for fracking](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/harris-says-she-wont-ban-fracking/ar-AA1rC02D), which is an environmental disaster?

bill is a joke since he is totally partisan and not even following the science."
"I am science- fauci

The aids virus is highly and easily transmitted, children can contract it just being in proximity of others whom are infected with it- fauci

Not sure when "" I trust the science"" switched to I'm easily manipulated by appeal to authority and bandwagons, the education failed me and couldn't comprehend even if I did have the time to comprehend research papers, research methods, and meta analysis and statistical testing used.. or when researcher bias conclusion always meets the original desired hypothesis.. $$$$"
"Who the fuck leans on Bill Nye for political advice, let alone scientific adviceÉ??"
"You all are aware he's an actor for kids programs, he's not really a science guy. FYI, the power Rangers was also just a TV show."
I wouldnÉ??t really say the democrats are the party of science
"Bill Nye the NOT a science guy..

Seriously, the credibility of this muppet is manufactured as all hell and the deeper you dig the worse it gets....

(as a side not: just re watched Idiocracy and coming back to the world after watching that is.....*scary!*"
Thought this guy was intelligent
[removed]
There are a lot of people who think that science is a type of religion...
[removed]
Bill Nye the spectrum guy
Yes indeedee
Science is just science.
Insane how he has to restate this .shows the unthinkable times weÉ??re in
"Yeah. No. Science have no country to begin with, and its ok or Einstein would never had crossed the Atlantic to work in USA.?ˇ
Science is the exact opposit of ""Patriotism"". The very well. Exact. Opposit.?ˇ"
Millennial demographic LOCKED IN
This is awesome but Bill Nye going Democrat was already a given for the Republican voters. It's endorsers like Willie Nelson and Sam Elliot who will have a bigger impact because these are people the Republicans idolize
Tell that to the New England Patriots you asshole. But I'm okay with this
"If science looks biased, you need to check your perspective."
But he isnÉ??t a scientist? SoÉ??. ????
"Science is empirical facts, and thatÉ??s all that fucking matters."
IÉ??m not sure what surprises me more. All of the deleted comments or the sarcasm.
Hmm.. science doesn't seem to be either of those things
He's not even a scientist.
[removed]
[removed]
Educated man backs obvious choice ???ç
Science seems more mercurial. Nye knows who pays the bills.
Patriotism isnÉ??t neutral. Science is.
wasnt bill nye recently on a top reddit post about some of the worst people to meet in real life?
"Being called ""Bill Nye"" has become a meme insult to the engineering community."
I think I need to hear from someone more qualified in science. Like Dolph Lundgren.
Shill Nye the Propaganda Guy
"Funny coming from a Boeing engineer who got the label as the É??science guyÉ?ù in a sarcastic way on a comedy show. That does not give him any scientific credentials. And patriotism IS partisan. It divides humanity by geography, race, and/or political creed. Science is above humanity, it is about universal truth. So, no, science is not patriotic and the É??Science GuyÉ?? (I use that sarcastically as originally intended) is showing that he himself is partisan."
"Rolling stone talking about not being partisan ???ú 

Also Bill Nye is an alcoholic prick by all accounts."
Bill Nye not even a scientist
How much does someoneÉ??s reputation go for these days? I donÉ??t think there enough money in the world that would get me to sellout/cash in. I guess it doesnÉ??t matter after a certain age.
Bill nye lost all his credibility when he came out with that video alll those years ago. dude is a certifiable nutcase riding on his 80s/90s fame
"He backs a political candidate because ""science isn't partisan"".  Got it"
"Bill, science shouldnÉ??t be anything but science"
Bill Nye is as Partisan as they come
"I still canÉ??t believe science is an issue. 

ItÉ??s like math being an issue.

É??2+2 equals 4É?ù

É??No it doesnÉ??t itÉ??s 5É?ù

É??You canÉ??t change factsÉ?ù 

É??Fuck your feelings! FAKE NEWS!É?ù

This is where weÉ??re at as a country"
"If science isnÉ??t partisan, then why is he endorsing political candidates? ????"
[removed]
The people crying that science shouldn't be political are the same ones who dragged science into the fight and are surprised that science got hands.
"Interesting, though heÉ??s the worst human IÉ??ve ever met in person. Amazingly, another friend had the exact same experience on an elevator."
Who cares what Bill Nye says? It's 2024
Bill Nye isnÉ??t a scientist nor is he a science.  Political activism =/= science.
"Thank Christ! Whew! Wow, and here I was clutching my pearls to see if Bill Nye was coming out in support of Trump, you know, because his camp wasn't saying anything! Fuck, I wasn't sure...ol' Bill must have been sitting on the fence there for awhile....????????"
"Sigh, it shouldnÉ??t be this hard to understand that itÉ??s a good thing for the country you live in to lead the charge in science, not batshit buffoonery."
Is it just me who thinks he looks more and more like Lincoln the older he gets?
Hilarious! What an idiot.
um no. wish this man would leave science alone.
I thought he died in that horrific hot air balloon accident
science says women can't have penises
He is an actorÉ??
"HeÉ??s a huge asshole in real life, donÉ??t listen to his propaganda."
This had nothing to do with technology.
Science is patriotic? lmao
No itÉ??s not. Lol ????
Both sides selectively deny science.
This dude is a fuck ! He needs to go away...
This message is brought to you by Pfizer.
Thought he was smart?
Who cares?!
He isn't a scientist...he's a mechanical engineer and science commentator.
Bill Nye had been pretty partisan the last couple decades.
No one with a working brain could want Trump back in power.
Surprise!  This guy is a sham.  He is an engineer.  NOT a scientist.  But that fact gets lost among the lefties
He has a BS in mechanical engineering from Cornell and worked for Boeing as an engineer before becoming a celebrity. Why are bunch of comments dismissing his qualification as a scientist?
Bill Nye the Psych Hairiest Brown Nose Guy.
Bill Nye the Russian spy...
"Science is great.

Its a shame that people only accept some of the science"
"Who cares? Dude hasnÉ??t been relevant for a while. HeÉ??s just out there legitimating charlatans like Ken Hamm chasing more fame.

I doubt any magas are gonna care what bill Nye thinks. He did a really hilariously cringe show that was woker than woke and they hate that."
But she supports fracking. No better indicator of a denial of science than supporting a practice thatÉ??s actively worsening the climate crisis.
"But heÉ??s not a scientist, right.  He just acts as one."
DonÉ??t tell people who to vote for. ItÉ??s noones business and is always accompanied by a hidden agenda.
Bill Nye made moronic statements about deflategate and the Patriots. He is fully on the partisan usage of science bandwagon and should STFU with his bullshit.
"> showing love for your country and being proud of it

Science is the process followed to discover true knowledge, its not the knowledge itself or the theories that hang off of that knowledge. The scientific process can't be patriotic the whole idea is nonsense...not least because scientists research is funded by multiple nations or even by individuals....nonsense."
Not a scientist but okay
Bill nye the science guy! Bill bill bill!
Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill Éù?ã?è
"""Are Democrats the Party of Science? Not Really.""

[https://newrepublic.com/article/139700/democrats-party-science-not-really](https://newrepublic.com/article/139700/democrats-party-science-not-really)"
"How the fuck is this even remotely related to ""Technology"" news. I can't wait for the US election to be over and the astro turfers can take a break."
"well, obviously he isnt really THAT smart!"
Very democratic to get your science and news from a guy that does TV lol
"Guy with a bachelors degree makes general claim, thousands rejoice"
"Yeah, but I'm still waiting to hear who Bob the Builder and Dora the Explorer are going to endorse."
Backing a candidate is partisan
Nice endorsement lol. Bill Nye is a loon.
Wheee the hell are these upvotes coming from?? This is election manipulation by the Democratic Party.
"The problem is that Science and Technology arenÉ??t fully independent..theyÉ??re tethered to government and for profit companies. They discover and create, then the government and/or corporation declares how it is used."
"Science don't care about your ""patriotism"""
"Except when fanatics pretend to be scientists. Some of them are quite good at it, but they arenÉ??t fooling anymore people than Shallow Hal is from the pulpit."
What does that actor know about science?
"He's a science guy, not a scientist."
Bill Nye the dumb guy
This confirms what I always knew. Bill Nye is a dumb ass. ???ú
Another case of dementia in an old person
This man is an embarrassment now ever since I seen that  sex junk song on his show
Propaganda anyone?
Dude doesn't do anything if there isn't a check involved so it doesn't mean anything.  He'd have done the same for Trump if there was more money on the table.
"I don't care who Bill Nye thinks would be a better president. He doesn't have a great track record in the modern day, lol."
"He is an engineer, not a scientist."
"If you disagree with science, you disagree with reality."
"science is antithetical to conservativsm, thats why they have anti-intellectuals, its a threat to religion. almost all the people that allegedly turned from ""moderate""(pretends to be left) to hard right wing tends to have a consevative religious background."
Ya can't always pick your supporters.
"I mean, he's in Seattle. This is not an unpopular stance to take in Seattle. 

Might play a little different in, say, Pasco.

And yes, being from Seattle, it's still way off to see the dude who was Speed Walker and a Street Walking Lawyer of Aurora Ave being this big nationwide celebrity."
"Science is made partisan because of the facts don't care about your feelings crowd.

Lmao"
"It shouldn't have to be ""Patriotic"" either, unless we are talking about Earthian/Cosmic patriotism."
Science is actually just science.
Bill is that guy
I swear I've read the exact headline months ago?
Don't be that guy.
"Science is totally partisan. 

Partisan towards the facts."
Damn it Bill! Now I might have to vote Magatsards because you chose my side.
political every science talk kinda funny man
Maybe this clown should teach her the science behind fracking then?
"ItÉ??s a shame he is a such a mean, unkind, and unfriendly person.?ˇ"
Wow I didnÉ??t see this coming.
Idk about patriotic but itÉ??s definitely not partisan
Science isn't anything but asking questions in a systematic way to arrive at better information than we currently have.
Sza may not kill him now ???ç
I always thought it was feudalist
That's why I double masked
"Forget about science, think about profits"
Science is science. It's not either left or right
"Is this the same ""men can get pregnant"" ""science""? Lol"
The party of way too early but definitely correct science!
"This is the way. She and Waltz aren't great, but I'm a single issue voter on climate change and they are far better than Trump."
Im so sorry. I thought he died for some reason.
A failed engineer who barely understands basic science!!???≠????????
Shut up and show us some color changing water tricks you phucking phony!
And you think think bill nye backing a candidate is a good thing?  ????
Not a scientist.
"HeÉ??s a lifelong liberal, so no surprise there."
"""Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.""-Samuel Johnson."
"Like how Fauci didnÉ??t use science for Covid guidelines but we were told they based it on science in the beginning?

???˙É?çÉ??ã?è"
HeÉ??s not a scientist
Useful arts has been interpreted quite loosely over the years.
"> Article I, Section 8, Clause 8, states Congress shall É??promote the progress of science and useful arts.É?ù

by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries."
"> then he hit me

The knowledge is power, the more you know eh?"
"It's a clause talking about patents and copyright

>To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries.

Not sure why it's relevant, it's always crazy how people will quote just half a sentence of the constitution and ignore the other half."
That part of the constitution is about copyright and patents though.
Since when has the constitution been relevant to politics
Why wouldn't scientific endeavour be patriotic?
"Still doesn't make science patriotic. Congress might support science, doesn't mean science has an opinion, and it doesn't."
"I still cringe at his phrasing.
That passage makes ""Promoting science is a patriotic duty"" very much true. (Because it says nothing about other places doing the same.)

But if the results of scientific research don't fit any given interpretation of ""patriotic"", then patriotic is the problem, not science.
If there is an international diplomatic row over details, then science siding with the other sides point is just science.

I VERY much disagree with the way he phrased it.. And I don't think that passage supports that way of framing it.
But then again I'm not American, AND from a place where this kind of making everything about our countries identity generally is cringe internally on top. So this doubly really doesn't jive with me.
Science can't be patriotic, it CAN'T put one country over another ""by principle"". It's utterly mutually exclusive.

edit: Or put it more direct. If it can't be partisan, then it can't be patriotic. Because that is just the same thing as ""internationally partisan"". The more I think about it, the DUMBER that quote gets, and the more it annoys me. Because I usually used to respect him quite a lot."
"To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries."
"Keep in mind science here refers to what we would consider to be art (e.g., paintings, sculptures, etc.) while art refers to novel technologies."
Oh you know Bill did his research first. LOL.
What is your reasoning behind your thought?
Is everything written into law patriotic?
Progress of science like your either male or female? Orrrr if youÉ??re born male youÉ??re always a male?
"A US law doesnÉ??t change the nature of science. Science is not patriotic.

Supporting science might be, but who cares? Patriotism is not a virtue."
"How is that relevant lol? I assume what Nye means is É??a commitment to science is patrioticÉ?ù, but the phrase É??science is patrioticÉ?ù is nonsensical."
"You'd still be right though. The Constitution happens to support science, but science itself does not support any particular country. The idea that science is patriotic is laughable, and a bit of a blunder for an otherwise smart person."
useful arts like kung fu and shit thats awesome
"Congress promoting science doesn't make ""science"" patriotic. The Constitution is just telling congress to not be a luddite."
"Bill does tend to dot his I's and cross his T's. The man's on point, and has been for a good 30 years now. If we knighted people in the US, he'd be Sir Nye the Excellent."
"[apologize.lol](https://www.apologize.lol)

A little extra incentive for those non-voters in swing states, Cards Against Humanity is giving $100 to registered Dems who failed to vote last time if they apologize, make a plan to vote, and post É??Donald Trump is a human toilet.É?ù on social media. 

Pass it on!"
"Should have stuck with your first inclination. If science was subject to patriotism, humanity would have never gotten very far. That doesn't mean that nations cannot promote science or conversely."
"Science should be patriotic. If it offends your sense of patriotism, that sense is wrong, and your patriotism is fake."
"That means patriotism includes science.

You would've been right to point out that no, science isn't patriotic, what are they talking about, before making a logical mistake."
"> showing love for your country and being proud of it

Science is the process followed to discover true knowledge, its not the knowledge itself or the theories that hang off of that knowledge. The scientific process can't be patriotic the whole idea is nonsense...not least because scientists research is funded by multiple nations or even by individuals....nonsense."
"""Useful art"" is design, by definition."
"Nye knows what science is. The formation of the USA was a product of the Enlightenment. It is founded on the notion of rationality, the separation of church and state, and the pursuit of progress through knowledge. You know, science. Ben Franklin also knew what science is."
"> then he hit me with

Did he blind you with science?"
"Our constitution also said, ""all men are created equal"" and we know that wasn't true, right?"
Right? Congress is under mandate to promote rational science. I want a t-shirt.
"Bill Nye the Legal Guy. He passes, BILLS BILLS BILLS BILLS"
"And if he really didnÉ??t hate the constitution like he hates so much, he would take science classes. He wouldnÉ??t be so anti-science and pushing a little engineering and politics like this. He would be doing real science."
He got some of the JOY
They're actually polling Canadians to see who our preferred fecking foreign candidate is! Systemic projection.
"Sorry, the next Presidential election is only 5 years away. We gotta get started on that.  Your tech news needs to be updated on a person who undoubtedly is a partisan saying he isn't partisan, so that other partisans can say they aren't partisan, in order to push their partisanship in a non-partisan sub."
"As an American, I feel the same. 

Unfortunately in another four years our countryÉ??s election cycle will be polluting headlines globally, but hopefully there will be less drama until then."
Like the beginning of the next election cycle? Don't you know we live in the age of never ending political rallying?
"As an Australian can other countries just keep the election to themselves??ˇ?ˇ?ˇ


Hell I bet no other country can name our president since we hardly care ourselves."
"That depends on who wins. If Harris wins, news will be normal again for a while. If trump wins, it will be this kind of insanity until he dies."
Isn't election in Canada about to start too?
Tonight at 11: Dave saw that moose again
"As an American, we want it to be over just as much. All I see on any news outlet is Diddy, trump, Elon, Kamala, Milton. Oh and those astronauts rescue mission"
They're not going back...
Puts on Reddit news
"As an American I'm right with you. People act like it makes a difference who wins, its almost sad.?ˇ"
You have to remember it is not over until January 6. December 2020 was probably the worst time to have no interest about U.S. elections.
I was just thinking the advantage of Katrina was it wasn't an election year
As an American I can't wait for this election to be over so I can get news other than what stupid shit Donald Trump has done today.
it'll only get worse after - no matter who wins
"until the next most important election ever, and the one after that, and the one after that, and"
"Sigh if only, unfortunately I feel like for the next several election cycles it'll just mean we start talking about 2028, 32, 36 etc"
I scheduled so much stuff around the election to distract myself but I think I'm just going to end up doing everything as a nervous wreck.?ˇ
"As an American, we do too buddy."
"I've got some bad news for you. When Trump wins, the media and liberals will spend the next 4 years crying about it, saying he's not their president, denying the election results, screaming about collusion and interference where there is none, running constant articles slinging mud about Trump...

Source: See 2016-2020."
[removed]
[removed]
the mods are removing all comments pointing this out. How brave of them.
[removed]
Because election season is upvote season.
"I remember seeing a post a week or two ago about Bill Nye endorsing Kamala, pretty sure it was a video as well"
Is the time of it really relevant though? It's not even 1 month old.
"That being said, there are serious concerns for how we DO science these days, with the bureaucracy of getting published directly impacting the usefulness of research.  That and the worrisome studies coming out indicating more than a small percentage of all research is simply not reproducible, indicating bad process.  We need a re-awakening of scientific philosophy and approach to how we fund it.  The best discoveries are made from the biggest risks, and we're simply risk adverse when most science is funded for private returns or public-funds that cannot be ""wasted"" on riskier research without concern of the scientifically ignorant public causing backlash."
ItÉ??s also great for our GDP! WhatÉ??s not to love??
"ThatÉ??s the rub though: they donÉ??t want more information. In the MAGA world, É??more informationÉ?ù = É??harder to controlÉ?ù"
"Yet here we are, unfortunately"
Bill Nye is just doing what Bill Nye does: anything to make a dollar and stay relevant.
"He is fully capable of actually explaining science when he wants to.

The issue is that he doesnÉ??t want to do that. He wants to be a celebrity and political pundit.?ˇ"
"Science is complicated and boring. It can only be simplified so much while keeping it engaging. Since the average person won't and can't listen to a lecture explaining the science, he has to take shortcuts."
"He started as a Boeing engineer with a side hustle in stand-up, especially Shatner and Star Trek jokes Then John Kiester got him for Almost Live; a wildly popular local sketch comedy show during the 1980s/1990s. Joel McHale also was discovered that way, as was David ""Sgt. Johnson from Halo"" Scully. 

It's super wild that he managed to break out as much as he did, especially for a kid's show. Almost Live was pretty risque with the humor."
"Also substantially rumored to be a gross creep. Or an asshole.

Or both."
And who is funding the research studies? Always follow the money.
THIS is patriotism
"He endorses every democratic candidate, same with Bruce Springsteen, etc. But every four years we get É??lifetime democrat spokesperson endorses democrat candidateÉ?ù. Queue surprised pikachu meme lmao. But to gen alpha itÉ??s breaking news I guess?"
"That was so disappointing. I don't think a single other scientist agreed with his ""analysis"" which amounted to ""go Seahawks!"""
"Yeah I'm with you on this one. He's not wrong here but it's pretty fucking rich for Bill Nye to call out partisanship having nothing to do with science when he got the science wrong on Deflategate and immediately after said ""Go Seahawks!"""
"Yes!  Important point. Scientists make mistakes, but they learn and adjust. ThatÉ??s how human knowledge advances."
"Wissenschaft ist patriotisch

Done"
"Yup. Don't forget about the episode of his Netflix show where he had a Nuclear Engineer on and instead of using the time to dispel the myths and educate everyone on how nuclear is an incredible option to generate massive amounts of energy with little to no waste, and is the KEY to green energy of the future.... He talked about solar, or wind or whatever instead. Like, folks understand solar and wind and the benefits... Folks don't understand Nuclear because it's so much more complex.... Be the ""science guy"" and help folks understand!

Dudes a loser."
People can and should care what he thinks if he presents reasonable arguments IMO.
"we generally don't, but Ja Rule has been awfully quiet so we the confused mindless plebs must look for direction *somewhere*."
I don't think we really do care - these things just get shoved down our throats.
Would you prefer the alternative?
Who will you be voting for?
[deleted]
U remember sex junk?
why would you say that?
What?  Who do you expect to pay for scientific research?
"Someone needs to pay for it, and Trump will cut the budget for science. 

When Trump was in office he proposed historic cuts across nearly every federal science agency and tried to cut funding for basic research. Biden on the other hand passed some of the largest increases in history for scientific funding. ([Source](https://theconversation.com/trump-and-harris-are-sharply-divided-on-science-but-share-common-ground-on-us-technology-policy-239053))"
"Republicans idolize Willie Nelson?

IÉ??ve lived down the road from him for years, and this is news to me. AFAIK, heÉ??s always been a weed smoking hippie that is idolized by mostly weed smoking hippies from Austin. 

One of the golf courses he helped start over here has cannabis leaves at the tee blocks. 

ThatÉ??s not very Republican."
"Republicans idolize Willie Nelson?

IÉ??ve lived down the road from him for years, and this is news to me. AFAIK, heÉ??s always been a weed smoking hippie that is idolized by mostly weed smoking hippies from Austin. 

I mean IÉ??m not complaining, but I have never heard anyone here say Willie Nelson is idolized by conservatives. 

One of the golf courses he helped start over here has cannabis leaves at the tee blocks. 

ThatÉ??s not very Republican."
You clearly donÉ??t know any republicans well lol
"Is that true? I had a science teacher who met him and said he was an asshole, dude seemed bummed out by it too"
"He's not dumb, but he only plays a smart person on TV"
Many good and smart people will be voting for Trump this election. Comments like this don't belong on this sub.
"The new ""Science"" powered by NPC's."
"Going by your statement, perhaps because being an engineer and/or a celebrity does not make you a scientist."
Actually he is.
"The US is one of the largest contributors to science of any country. The 3rd largest national contributor isnÉ??t even close ([source](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_number_of_scientific_and_technical_journal_articles))

The US government provides more than half of the research funding for academia in the US. ([Source](https://www.nsf.gov/nsb/news/news_summ.jsp?cntn_id=303449))

Trump proposed historic cuts across nearly every federal science agency and tried to reduce funding for basic research. The Biden administration, on the other hand, poured a lot of money into science. ([Source](https://theconversation.com/trump-and-harris-are-sharply-divided-on-science-but-share-common-ground-on-us-technology-policy-239053))

So this election does matter for the state of science in the world."
"First thing I thought of. Bill may be good at science, but heÉ??s not too hot with linguistics."
Are you under the impression that people can't know things about science and also be actors? Is it just actors or is knowing things about science only possible for certain careers?
"Probably quite a bit:

Nye began his career as a mechanical engineer for Boeing in Seattle, where he invented a hydraulic resonance suppressor tube used on 747 airplanes. ([Source](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Nye))"
"They may end up doing more than you think. 

É??In August 2022, Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes the largest federal climate change investment in American history.É?ù ([Source](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environmental_policy_of_the_Joe_Biden_administration))

SheÉ??s not Biden, but I would guess she would move in the same direction as him on climate."
No. You sound like someone whoÉ??s voting for Trump. Only liberals get to use that quote since you are all constantly wrapping yourselves in the flag and saying liberals are É??not real AmericansÉ?ù. At least leave us the damn quote.
What I do in the bathroom is quite useful.
"""Ever been to Subway? You ordered a sandwich? Someone put that together for you, dude. That's art!"""
I'll know it when I see it.
What are useful arts? Like art therapy?
ThatÉ??s for sure
amateur radio arts
"What hasnÉ??t in politics? Bill ClintonÉ??s cheating ass made them define the word É??isÉ?ù in his Monica Lewinsky deposition. ???????ú????

They interpret the rules/laws however it benefits themselves."
"Unfortunately, so has science."
lol that changes the entire context ????
"Which is equally important. People want to be credited for their work. Promotion incentivises research and innovation. While it can be argued that patent law in the modern day prevents iteration and expansion, I believe the intent of this constitutional right was in good faith."
"""...and not in any other ways."""
France is Bacon
"> the more you know eh?

And knowing is half the battle!"
If knowledge is power then Bill Nye will have Goku paying him a visit soon
"IÉ??d say É??dishonestÉ?? more than É??crazyÉ??, but sure."
"Because the other half is the means by which Congress will promote science and the useful arts.

The imperative is still there, to promote X by doing Y."
"How precisely is it not relevant? They felt it so necessary to protect and promote the nation's scientists and inventors that the founders specifically wrote a Congressional mandate to do so. All other items specifically listed are very important - things like the national treasury and currency, defense, and immigration - so in what way is it not relevant? To mention the provision whose purpose is specifically ""To promote the progress of science"" could not be more relevant."
Second amendment in shambles from misquotes
Sucks because I just want to follow a line of no BS then people who you expect to be like that go and quote half a sentence to make some point thatÉ??s totally wrong in its context.
"That's the means by which Congress will promote science and the useful arts.

The imperative is to promote X by doing Y."
"Because patriotism is love of your nation, while science usually has nothing to do with nations.

Scientific endeavor *can* be patriotic, but that that doesn't mean science is patriotic. If you do science purely for the love of truth, that has nothing to do with patriotism. If you do science to save humanity, that also has nothing to do with patriotism. There are many international scientific organizations, which aren't patriotic at all, just scientific.

I don't think Bill Nye pursues science out of devotion to America. I think he is choosing whom to vote for (partly) out of devotion to science. And that's good! Patriotism isn't the only virtue. There are a lot of reasons to do stuff besides patriotism, and there are also a lot of reasons to vote besides patriotism."
"During WW2 and the Cold War, it was a definite scientific arms race between the US and Germany/Russia. In the past decade or so, the scientific progress between the United States and its Allies versus China as a new emerging superpower will dictate both military and economic landscape for the next era."
"I imagine, since patriotism is inherently an emotion-based (and, often, irrational) reaction. And the vibes of aren't as useful as the facts and data proving or disproving it."
"Science doesn't care what color your flag is or who's on the coin or what church rules or where one country's border is

Science is reality based. Patriotism is fiction based. You can spin patriotism however you want."
the whole moon landing was patriortic lol
"I believe the point is that American scientific achievement is something that Americans can be proud of. There's a long, long list of things either invented or perfected for mass production in America.

And a big part of that achievement is grounded in getting in all those highly skilled, talented immigrants, often freeing persecution in their home countries, and giving them a lot of money to build their wacky doohickeys."
The actual point of what Nye said was just basically to own the Trump chuds. That's about it.
"There aren't two choices here, ""patriotic"" and ""offends my sense of patriotism."" Most things are neither one of those."
That was the Declaration of Independence.
"Unfortunately, those polls use Trump support abroad as a barometer for how ""marketable"" a local fascist takeover would be, and to estimate the success of right-wing internet propaganda worldwide."
A few years ago I learned that there are MAGA supporters here in Norway... WTF.
"Too true, unfortunate yet true"
"Nice try. We know you donÉ??t have president, just your supreme overlord Emperor Chuckles McSausage Fingers Windsor"
"Trick question: Australia doesnÉ??t have a president, youÉ??ve got a prime minister and a Governor General"
"that's because, unlike the American president, yours hardy matters - and I say that like Ukraine's neighbor

unfortunately, we are basically at the mercy of American voters not voting for the literal fascist who is in pocket of Hitler 2.0 that would literally bomb the entire Europe, just to be the emperor of the ashes, if he could"
"> Hell I bet no other country can name our president since we hardly care ourselves.

I can name your Prime Minister at least. He's... Erm... Ah shucks, I had to look it up and I was thinking of Morrison, I hadn't heard of Albanese before. As an outsider, my main focus on Australian Prime Ministers is how they treat climate change, and [it looks like](https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2024/sep/16/anthony-albanese-climate-trigger-environment-legislation-scott-morrison) Albanese isn't much different than the last two PM's?"
"If Trump wins, IÉ??m going to Looney Toons style cut my country off of America with a hacksaw"
"Yeah, but unlike the Americans we don't jam out news down peoples throats"
"It may, it may not. I doubt the cons will have enough pull to trigger a snap election since it seems the other parties, while sick of the liberals, do not want the conservatives in power, and prefer a liberal minority rather than the poll-indicated conservative majority that would happen in a snap election. Meaning our election would be just over a year away.

ThereÉ??s also far, far less campaigning involved, and overall a much less intrusive experience when it comes to the 24 hour news cycle."
[removed]
[removed]
"It could also be an automod rule based on report count, not that that's much better, as it means there's a process users can abuse and that enough people are *willing* to abuse it to trigger."
[removed]
"That's all true. I'm well-published, and have first-hand frustrations with all of it, to put it mildly. Publish or die is the mantra, and a lot of garbage gets out there because that's how you live, get a degree, and get funding. The public would be a lot less skeptical, or at least those in the community would be, if the reward and ownership system was not so completely fucked. I can't even point people to URLs of my own research, because I don't own the rights! I left academia and research because I wanted to do science, not play politics and spend all my time writing grants and begging for funding. On the other hand, it would behoove us to instill a general understanding of how science works to the general public. Just because something turns out to be incorrect or not quite right, does not inherently mean there's a problem. That's what science and learning is: finding better explanations and understanding for things, and replacing currently-held beliefs. We could not run without first stumbling, and we should not fear being wrong: it's a cornerstone of learning and innovation. We used to joke that there needed to be a journal of failed experiments or ideas, to save us all some time and to not punish people for things that don't turn out.?ˇ"
"> studies coming out indicating more than a small percentage of all research is simply not reproducible,

There will always be a small percentage of studies that are not reproducible. That's inherent to the nature of science, and it's why we test things multiple times with lots of studies, rather than just doing one study and then calling it a day. They aren't even necessary bad studies; sometimes you just get lucky/unlucky."
"Well they want to control the É??factsÉ?ù. Because if you control the É??factsÉ?ù, you can get people to do pretty much whatever you wantÉ?? scary stuff."
"Right, and you should not have any conversations with right wingers. That's just giving bigotry a platform, which is not ok. Anyone who does that, like Joe rogan or Lex Fridman, are fucking right wing grifters. Any ""information"" from the right wing is always misinformation or disinformation."
He's kinda a washed up actor at this point.
He is not. He is not a scientist and not capable of explaining shit.
"Science is incredibly complicated yes but not boring. My 5th grade science teacher was able to make a class of morons care about science in the same time span as one of his episodes. Sorry but I blame Nye, not the subject matter"
Many would call that grifting?ˇ
Correct.  But I could put an actor in a lab coat and say all sorts of things you don't like.
"Yes, I would prefer that democrats run a progressive from the left instead of a corporate stooge from the center."
[the first political candidate that actually put forward a Green New Deal](https://www.democracynow.org/2012/7/13/green_new_deal_organizer_physician_jill): Jill Stein 2024
"First of all I'm jealous of living that close to him.

Second I don't think it matters really they just see a country artist and think yeah that guy votes red.  Willie Nelson being as old country as he is, I think still has a lot of influence."
"Scientists are just people with some degree of expertise in scientific knowledge. Mechanical engineering is a part of applied science. 

No need to gatekeep there."
No he's not.
Nope. I can throw a rock from where I'm standing and hit a bunch of people massively more qualified than him.
"100 percent agree.

She says she won't regulate fracking, and she's getting flak for that, but she has to win Pennsylvania."
Yes but legislating which bathroom you do it in is less useful.
Useful farts.
"Ah, a fellow toilet bender"
Yeah and think about you posting your bathroom trips online and improving the lives of at least one other bathroom trip enjoyer you've shared some positivity in someone's life and have done a 'labor' now go petition for UBI and socialize the Arts.
"Ok, but is it art? Asking for a friend, please no pictures ???úÉ??ã?è"
Unless you do it on a golden throne
Eat more fiber if your stool is loose?
"Life is short, lick the bowl."
What I do is usually a war crime.
???? Feeling good on a Wednesday ???Ê
Making all kind of the potions with shampoos and soaps is a useful arts
Architecture^
But is it art? Try putting it on canvas and then showing it at a gallery.
Yeah but would anyone call it art
Youthful Farts!
Is it art though?
I think anything above 7 courics could be considered art.
Not sure it would classify as art unfortunately?ˇ
"can you decorate my art with more pickles and carrots, also squeeze some of that ranch paint some more. ty ty"
É??ItÉ??s my constitutional right to work at SubwayÉ?ù
"""Sesame Street"" is an example of useful art that gets government funding, it's inspirational entertainment that primes young children with language, math and social skills."
"No, itÉ??s just an old fashioned way of describing É??inventions.É?ù ?ˇThink about the phrase É??state-of-the-**art** technology,É?ù which means keeping up with the latest inventions and techniques.?ˇ https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Useful_art"
"Arts useful in many ways. Landscaping is nice for parks and garnishes community. Music performances are use to raise morale with the troops. Military music IÉ??m imbibes meaning and tradition. Presidential portraits give an image more than a photograph could. Photography is great for record keeping, but can also move a nation. Statues make memorials for remembrance. All these things are useful. TV programs can engage and educate."
"Except it doesn't. 

It's saying Congress will promote X by doing Y."
Power lvl over 9000!!!
"You believe the same thing about the Second Amendment, which was written in the same fashion, right? ...Right??"
"Because it's not an open mandate to promote science by any means necessary. It's specifically about guarding intellectual property. I'm not someone who ascribes godhood to the writers of the Constitution, so I don't really care what they put in or took out. But if you're going to talk about what's actually in there, you do need to look at all clauses of a sentence to ascertain its meaning."
[deleted]
[deleted]
Science won WW2 and saved millions. Everyone did their part but the technology 4 years after the start of the war made obsolete what was used at the start.
"Change patriotism to É??prideÉ?ù, then look up É??hubristic pride vs authentic prideÉ?ù

Scientific endeavour is a source of authentic pride.

> Hubristic pride results from success that is attributed to internal, stable, and uncontrollable causes (É??I did well because IÉ??m greatÉ?ù), whereas authentic pride results from success attributed to internal, unstable, and controllable causes (É??I did well because I worked hardÉ?ù). Accordingly, hubristic pride is associated with arrogance, superiority, and egotism, whereas authentic pride is accompanied by feelings of accomplishment and humility (Cheng & Tracy, 2011; Tracy & Robins, 2007).Studies have also found that hubristic pride is associated with insecure self-worth, evidenced by defensive self-esteem (low implicit, high explicit) and narcissism (Tracy, Cheng, Robins, & Trzesniewski, 2009). In contrast, authentic pride is associated with genuine feelings of self-worth and self-integrity, reflected by secure self-esteem (high implicit, high explicit) and authenticity (Tracy et al., 2009). These divergent patterns of feelings about the self may promote divergent feelings and behaviors toward others"
Not just whacking to hickeys but lucrative wacky duckies
"Correct, I misspoke. ""The fundamental freedoms of the American people were alluded to in the Declaration of Independence, implicit in the Constitution, and enumerated in the Bill of Rights."" 

The point still stands; words on a piece of paper are just ideals with no material basis in reality until backed by measurable changes. The emancipation proclamation is another example. It declared the freedom of enslaved people but it wasn't like enslaved people instantly experienced liberation and equal rights under the law. It took another 100 years before the civil rights movement expanded those freedoms. We are still not all equal under the law today."
"Albanese leaves a lot to be desired but is definitely not as bad as Scott Morrison, dude is a joke.

https://www.theguardian.com/global/video/2017/feb/09/scott-morrison-brings-a-chunk-of-coal-into-parliament-video"
[removed]
Where did you end up going after leaving academia?  Are you happier where you are now?
"But the problem is it's not a [small percentage](https://ink.library.smu.edu.sg/lkcsb_research/5257/)

>  We conducted replications of 100 experimental and correlational studies published in three psychology journals using high-powered designs and original materials when available. Replication effects were half the magnitude of original effects, representing a substantial decline. Ninety-seven percent of original studies had statistically significant results. 36% of replications had statistically significant results; 47% of original effect sizes were in the 95% confidence interval of the replication effect size..."
Now use that same logic inwardly. Is it only the GOP that wants to control facts??ˇ
"DidnÉ??t Hillary Clinton recently say that social media should be controlled?

There are authoritarian streaks within both blocs."
"I donÉ??t think thatÉ??s the alternative at hand. Besides, no one seems to know that Biden passed the biggest climate change fundingÉ??ever. Harris will likely continue on that path.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environmental_policy_of_the_Joe_Biden_administration"
"Might be right. Possible they are thinking all country artists are a monolith. 

Either way, I agree he still has a lot of influence."
Scientist is a vague enough term that mechanical engineering falls under a scientific field. He also invented a part that is used in 747s.
Are you at Boeing?
Which the United States Congress hasnÉ??t ever regulatedÉ??
What does Bill Nye think about American medicine??ˇ
"Prohibiting him from doing it in _my_ bathroom is kinda useful though.




Or allowing me to ask entrance fees for it would be useful too."
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hiraga\_Gennai#On\_Farting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hiraga_Gennai#On_Farting)
Now you're cooking with propane.
IÉ??m making a Jackson Pollock inspired work on porcelain even as I type this.
I appreciate your skepticism but it is misplaced in this case.
"Look up ""game grumps subway"" on YouTube if you want a laugh. Still cracks me up.?ˇ"
???? MFW standing in the line next to the fucking psycho ordering carrots on a subway sandwich?ˇ
"The first statement implies broad rights and or objectives to ""promote science and useful arts"" and can be interpreted to mean a variety of things (I e congress funding NASA, or investing more in space exploration) 

The full statement essentially says congress shall protect/secure copyrights and the NASA/space exploration example becomes laughably silly under the full sentence

Quoting half the sentence is at the very best dishonest"
I will promote my well-being by stealing from you
"Except the 2A is not the same in a very key way - the science clause describes the exact mechanism by which the science and useful arts are to be promoted, using the word ""by"", which places the limit on the clause. 

The grammar in the 2A does not place that same limitation. It wouldn't make sense for it to have a limitation like that anyway, as a constitution limits the _government_, not _the people_."
"I thought interpreting the constitution was the job of the Supreme court, not civilians - Whether you like it or not."
Are we talking about the organized militia part or shall not be infringed part?
[deleted]
"That point is another problem entirely. My point is that people do just misquote and ignore the other half. Doesn't matter if they are either too uneducated to understand it or will twist poor wording to suite themselves.

They dont quote it right."
They wouldn't need to preface an imperative command with a motive if they didn't feel it necessary to do so. All of the words were chosen purposefully.
"Scientific advancement is one of the things that America is the best at worldwide, and has been for two centuries. One of the country's proudest achievements."
"I had a really long response typed and reddit's wonderful web on phone ate it. Gah.?ˇ

I went to work for a couple startups that were application and product-driven. They allowed me to apply what I knew but also constantly learn. It's great to have your work be directly applied to a real-world product, and in that way it's inherently results-driven, which is my ultimate need in a job for satisfaction and fulfillment. Contrast that to other jobs I've had where meeting overhead, bureaucracy, and doing things for how they look is the norm. There's no room for bullshit, because your thing has to work, all the time. The focus is on reliability and reproducibility, because that's what a product demands. You have the opportunity to build on your work, test the parameters and conditions under which results are in spec, and take ownership of something meaningful. The other interesting piece of the business space is attaching test results to product viability. I spent a lot of time building models that directly correlated material efficiency to margins and seeing how that played out in the market space. Just another interesting problem, but a way to directly tie experiments to the real world. I got to put all this stuff into fancy graphs and pitch it to people for money. I learned a lot and it was fun. I've done a lot of other weird stuff since, just constantly seeking out new stuff to learn and problems to solve. I don't regret anything. I actually do a lot of work where I Interface with trades now, and I very much enjoy that, rather than listening to people who care about status and sniffing their own farts. Anyway, back to this beer and a tequila in this fall night.?ˇ"
Also says alot Willie endorsing Dem. He was around when Johnny cash endorsed a president and all that falling out history
"It's Engineering. Engineering is not science, it's science adjacent."
"It's not American medicine that's preventing people from using the correct bathrooms, it's right wing religious politics"
Urinal diarrhea?
[deleted]
Looked up ReVanced for Android or side loading Apollo for iOS to get your favorite 3rd party client back.
Yeah I'm trying to figure out what American medicine has to do with which gender uses which bathroom
I personally think religion based garbage in politics should be illegal. I hate that people try to push what their É??godÉ?ù says onto others. Yuck. But your comment is so true.
"So, science tells us there's such a thing as a ""correct bathroom"" does it? I'd love to see that clinical study.

Sorry to burst your bubble, but ""correct bathroom"" is a social construct. Like, literally. Its purpose is purely social."
Great band name.
"Politics covers every aspect of human life, its nonsensical to say some  human/human interaction should be excluded from politics. Its going to come into play regardless of any stupid rules....probably more so."
"I hear what you are saying, but I disagree. Someone elseÉ??s É??godÉ?ù should not dictate what the rest of us do. ItÉ??s a ridiculous notion.

Edit: downvoted lol. ItÉ??s cool to practice whatever your religion is. But donÉ??t push it on others."
ThatÉ??s how you do it and attract talent
"A company that never invested heavy in real estate does not see the need to bring people to a building.  The entire concept of flipping remote work around is based on real estate justification and power over your employee.  I may not like them as a company nor the product, however they are right on this subject."
"É??You canÉ??t spend a lot of time hiring grown-ups and then treat them like children,É?ù SpotifyÉ??s Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) Katarina Berg saysÉ?ù. 

I would be the best employee ever for this woman. This is what good leadership looks like."
+1 for Spotify!
"IÉ??m fortunate there will be no return to office for me. ThereÉ??s no office to return to lol. My office is either at home or in my company car, depending on the day and my tasks"
"I really don't get why any large business would want their employees to return. Like seriously, it's so much cheaper to have your employees work from home."
The traffic in the NJ/NY area has been absolutely unbearable since the big RTO push. IÉ??m not in a WFH field myself but I really hope more companies keep their employees working from home for my own sake
rare Spotify W
"As someone who worked for more than a decade offsite or at customer sites, the struggle some of these companies is nothing short of hilarious.

ItÉ??s all about your leadership being bad, your leadership model being bad, and your leaders being incompetent.

If you donÉ??t know how to lead a company and people with meaningful strategy and metrics, you canÉ??t change that by running an adult daycare.

There are tens of millions of people who donÉ??t even have an office, yet seem to be able to conduct every kind of business imaginable. Why is it only tech adjacent companies that struggle with this?"
Not terribly surprising considering the founders are Swedish. Scandinavians pride themselves on taking work/life balance seriously.
my company hired me as remote and now making us go to the office twice a week. Thats 4 hours weekly commute... along with gas and paying for lunch. Parking in DC is over 20 dollars a day. It is also pointless because the client isn't there... I just scheduled a new interview with another company for a raise in salary and is  fully remote.
I really donÉ??t understand the mandated return to work. Companies could totally destroy their fixed costs by not having to lease huge offices and equipment. ItÉ??s a win win for both parties. But they canÉ??t stand not having total control over their employees
"An economic system based on unnecessary, wasteful, and polluting transportation of bodies from homes to cube farms, so they can perform the same work they would do by staying at home, in very expensive downtowns, surrounded by vendors selling overpriced salads, doesnÉ??t deserve to stand a single day longer."
"I read this as they don't have a bunch of office space owned by BlackRock, so no one is pressing down on them to mandate it."
"Meanwhile, Apple says many of its employees ARE children - É??work from sweatshopÉ?ù plan remains"
"The key is to give people measurable, achievable targets and make sure they meet them. If they do then who cares where they work from. If they don't then forcing them to work from a place they are miserable isn't going to fix that and you need to look for someone else."
[removed]
Imagine being treated like adults at work. Oh the horror!
Time to start tailoring my resume for Spotify.
"As a teacher who manages 9-11 year old children with some respect of their growing autonomy, I canÉ??t believe companies deciding to mandate their adult employees back to work. Many studies show that employees working from home are more productive and happier."
That motivated me to keep their subsrciption.
"Gee, sometimes its not about the authority and control"
Maybe more companies can learn from this model. Unfortunately it may be too much to hope for.
MASSIVE PROPS. Was going to delete my Spotify subscription but am now keeping it instead. More companies need to take note.
tech companies going back to office is just so embarrasing
Okay that's actually really cool of them to say. I hope more places modernize now that people can work from home
I am glad to pay for their service. A great policy.
"I got to work from home for a few months when I was in the Army.

I can say with confidence that not everyone can handle the responsibility of managing their own workload.?ˇ"
IÉ??ll say it againÉ??if the company was even or made a profit when everyone was home during prime COVIDÉ??WFH works
I thought they were having a child labor scandal for a second.
If the work gets done then whatÉ??s the issue? If someone isnÉ??t doing their work in office or at home you can fire them.
Most professionals were perfectly capable of getting through college by being self-directed and self-disciplined. So it's really no surprise that they are completely capable of working from home. I can say resolutely I am more productive at home because I don't have to listen to anyone else's stupid stories about their lives and their kids. I have my own stupid life and stupid kids. Just let me bang out my work in my underwear and leave me alone.
"This isn't a business doing this out of generosity, the data shows staff who work from home are more productive.  Also if you want to attract young innovative talent this is a good move.

I occasionally go to symposiums or gigs or an office space to work but working remotely is a game changer.

I save hundreds per month on commuting and coffee and eating out, and when I log off I become inaccessible.  Annoying overly-chatty coworkers are now in Slack or other text-based messaging systems and can wait for a response instead of hovering around my office to talk about sitcoms I could not care less about.  

The turnover at places who forced back to office is tremendous and people are getting payouts for breach of their work-from-home contracts which went into place at the beginning of the pandemic and renewed every year.

My ex coworker who had moved to another company during the pandemic refused to go back to office at his new place of employment and send them a copy of his contract.  Now he was still laid off but has six months pay an an addition undisclosed settlement.  He already has a new job but took a month off and now works remotely from various beach towns all over the US and the world."
Thanks Spotify deciding to remain sane .
"Take note big tech. The world has changed because of what you have accomplished and there are teams that you forced to work locally who work on products that do nothing but create collaboration around the world. Why wouldnÉ??t you want those people working and testing and living in the places where they would most likely be collaborating like real users?

All of it is so idiotic for so many people."
"Ive flat out told the president & CTO of our North American branch that I started during the pandemic, have a painfully long commute, and I have family reasons why I couldnÉ??t consider moving 

By working from my dedicated home office, I can work 1.5 hours more per day, IÉ??m likes likely to transmit a cold or flu, and IÉ??m less stressed throughout the day while making decisions and interacting with coworkers. 

I have a tangible need to be in the office on average once a week- some weeks IÉ??m there every day, more weeks I donÉ??t have the need at allÉ??

***É??But they trust me to make far more important decisions on my day to day than the decision on whether I should sit at my cubicle and take teams meetings with people 4 cubes over, or sit at my sunny desk in my basement***"
"Office culture is the end of family culture, and I am glad Spotify chose to eliminate a huge part of their employees' families' stress."
"As a result, Spotify will hire and retain the best talent which is in the companyÉ??s best long term interests."
"This is how you keep talent and attract more. I say just keep a central HQ campus for those people who absolutely need an office/somewhere thatÉ??s not home to have a place to work (not everyone likes working from home). Treat the HQ like a college campus. You donÉ??t need to be there, but itÉ??s your home base of operations when you need to get work done."
As it should be
brb refreshing my resume.
Now if they could make the app not total shit that'd be nice.
Seems to be an extremely well run company but they have to be to compete. They donÉ??t have a unique product but theyÉ??re executing as the best of the bunch now.
My company said the same shit to us then mandated RTO 6 months later
"Oh hey, yet another area that Spotify is outdoing Amazon"
You know youÉ??re an asshole when Spotify has the moral high ground on you.
Oh damn they hiring?
"Love this!  

I joined my company in Oct 2019.  Everything was in-office. Our nice office in suburban Denver.  Then the investors sold us off at the peak of the pandemic, before vaccines became a thing and the new investors decided to buy six other companies and mush us all together. That means we ended up with eight brands converging from all over the country in all the time zones. As such, Oct 23rd is the last day the Salt Lake City office remains ours. Everyone there is going full-time remote but they will get a new smaller office with hot desks for meetings, trainings, etc. And I fully suspect all the major offices will downsize that way.  They figured out: we can be just as productive from the comfort of home, easy access to our groceries for whole real food without added expense, no commute time or wasted gas and rage-inducing frustrations."
People canÉ??t and wonÉ??t produce 100% unless there under a supervised environment . There humans.its just to easy to be getting dinner ready and doing laundry while supposedly working. Not meant to be but thatÉ??s the new world I guess.
"*Opens laptop, starts application*"
Most people would work for a company just for doing this.
Ok makes me extra happy I signed up again. Hope yall are supporting companies that do this.
Another reason to use spotify over amazon music.
"My friends boss has the same attitude. He doesn't care what time you work as long as you put in the required time to get work done.

Productivity in his team exceeds 96% and the tram does a monthly meeting at a restaurant, Cafe or brewery."
You can keep taking my money Spotify. Good job
If thats true then every company every employer should do it
Too bad Apple can't say the same
"I am happy for the workers, but also, screw the company and it's overwhelming negative effect on the industry including not paying artists. Some artists have reported that getting 1 billion total streams is only worth like $50,000 USD."
They are okay in my book again. That layoff with É??A.IÉ?ù emphasis really pissed me off a few months ago.
The one cool thing Spotify has said in the last several years.
IÉ??m glad I have a Spotify account!
"Today I had something nice to say about Spotify. 

Amazing."
"Spotify says ""We don't have a lot invested in office space so it's cool if employees work from home but phrased to sound like one of the 'good' corporations"""
What employees? DidnÉ??t they scorch the team last year?
"[Spotify layoff article from April 2024](https://www.forbes.com/sites/jackkelly/2024/04/26/spotifys-recent-layoffs-impacted-the-company-more-than-anticipated/)

F7Uk read at your own leisure"
I hate that the bar is so low that we have to give props for this.
Translation: Spotify isn't looking to lay anybody off in the near future and is going to go for some easy good PR in the process.
 How good of a manager are you when you need to maintain Line-of-Sight?
"Well put, theyÉ??re not children."
Hi Spotify. Neither are your artists. They need income to eat adult food and pay adult bills. Your pay schedule is criminal to the point that fuck you guys.
THIS IS HOW IT'S DONE!!!
They needed some positive PR cause they about to raise prices again
"ThatÉ??s exactly what someone would
Say that was hiding their workforce of children."
RTO is one of the stupidest trends in the tech industry right now. Good on Spotify for bucking it and speaking up against it.
 Good for them. I personally donÉ??t think WFH will be everywhere but this is nice to hear.
"This post is an oversimplification. It really does depend on what the business model is and the nature of HR talent. You canÉ??t implement remote work reliably for hardware or equipment based business, but for Spotify or Netflix? Sure"
IÉ??m going to hard disagree. Lots of employees are children and they do fuck around when given the option. That doesnÉ??t mean we canÉ??t have WFH. It just means you have to get rid of those unproductive people. But itÉ??s silly to act like all employees are rational and responsible adults. So many arenÉ??t.
"European companies are still several steps ahead of Americans one, but fucking market cap and idiote investing billion into other idiots made Americans thinking otherwise. 

If only good valuable companies can be appreciated beyond their stock, it would be much better for everyone."
"As much as I enjoy going into the office, a É??work from anywhereÉ?ù approach does sound kinda lovely É?ßã?è"
"People can work from home ripping off artists, no prob."
"Buying Spotify stock on Monday.

This is a sign of a company that has their shit together and their priorities straight."
ThatÉ??s great but they should fucking pay indie artists more.
Pity theyÉ??re assholes to the people theyÉ??re making money from. Musicians.
"If they donÉ??t perform, whether they work from home or not, fire them and bring it someone better. I dont understand the return to the office mandate obsession from CEOs."
"The main reason they want people to return to office is because they are paying for the office and either have a lease for years or own the building. So if no one is using the building, itÉ??s a waste of money for them. Idk. Maybe IÉ??m stupid."
Spotify telling it like it is
"Sweet! Now if they could make their shuffle function not garbage, that would be great!"
it's pretty funny seeing all these tech company headlines now. i get these are big players but _as an industry_ we've had no shortage of remote positions available for over a decade now.
Gonna go ahead and keep my investments in SPOT
I bet they do a 180 in 6 months and force them into a hybrid model.
"The company I worked for before I retired did the same thing. 

They still own the building and it is designated as HQ, but no one hardly ever goes there. Except to host the board meetings. 

It's main purpose these days is having a physical address and holding the board meetings. 

Several of the people who used to report to me just left the area and live all over the place now."
"When covid hit, I said good, now we can finally show big companies that not everyone needs to commute to a big office building in a big city. If we can let anyone work from anywhere, we can disperse into the suburbs and more rural locations. Especially now that starlink is so readily available, people can work out of their campers or converted busses even. I had very Utopian ideas about this. We could demolish most of the huge buildings, companies can rent out one or two floors for their infrastructure and necessary in person IT. We could cut down on traffic in the cities which would result in less smog and road pollution. We could all save money on gas and time in traffic.

My managers have shown me metrics though how production is way down. I've been in meetings where people have to run to the mic because they were in another room or when they cut in to answer something you can hear the TV, the microwave, or the sink in the background. It is surprising to me how many people can't be professional when they are at home. I never got the chance. I was always considered essential and had my letter in my car so in case I was pulled over at the beginning of '20 I could show that I had a reason to be out. I had to work every day even though we made a minimal manning plan to work in shifts so noone got sick. 

Most of the people I work with in other departments still only have to work one day a week in office unless they are called in. How, after four years, do they still not have a quiet place to go during meetings or think it's a good idea to do dishes during the meeting? Our programmers are only producing about three quarters of what they used to. Some of them are at half. A lot of them now have a lot more pop culture knowledge than they used to. I wanted a cultural shift from management but I'm just seeing people prove them right. Marketing, call centers, technical writing, document drafting, management, and most IT can become from home. At home work needs to be working from home though. Not lazing about watching TV while you dabble in work. It's like people don't know what to do with freedom when they are given it."
"Fuck yes, Spotify."
Lmao I thought for a second they were under suspicion of employing minors
They also just raised there monthly plan prices.. again convenient timing
"Surprised they were this bold. If they ever do RTO in the future, this will be deeply quoted as É??So now you think we ARE children?É?ù"
"Being in a tech company that is mostly remote and public I will give my thoughts on the cons:

1. You are pretty vulnerable because the company may care more about cost than quality of talent. In other words, they are staffing up in the cheapest parts of the world and silently laying off HCOL talent quarterly to replace them with. ThereÉ??s capex for stuff like AI to signal to the street for stock boosting and they gotta make up for it elsewhere so theyÉ??re cutting staff and services.

2. It can be much harder to get aligned on cross team initiatives or mandates at the VP level vs simply being in the office and getting a huddle informally. Because of those cost cutting measures I mentioned, itÉ??s super hard to get summits offsite or meetups approved. There are still some offices and if you happen to work at one, youÉ??ll come out ahead optics wise.

for the pros

1. if youÉ??ve got an illness, caretake for a parent, kid, partner, etc being remote is so worth it. 

2. if youÉ??re healthy and want to see the world, it can be great. One of my engineers does the digital nomad thing."
For a moment I thought they had been accused of child labor ???ú
Applying now lol AWS ???≠
We are going to see this a lot with any start up or company that can offload their offices easily.
FUCK I WANNA WORK THERE?ˇ
"My brain just auto Read that as "" Spotify says it's employees aren't children, return to office mandate, No Work from Anywhere "" cuz of the way every other company just likes being an asshole."
Spotify is my new best friend.
"I wish they had that attitude towards there customers as well, but good for them.?ˇ"
Stop auto shuffling my albums Spotify!
Yeah an employer that treats employees like adults.
"I know two types of office people.

Those that have only had office jobs and think they do a lot of work.

And people that had shitty jobs, went back to school in their late 20s, and laugh at the people in the office who think they're doing a lot of work."
They just saying this cause they got so much heat from the layoffs fuck Spotify
"I'm glad Spotify isnt using child labour, good on them"
The idiots that are forcing workers to go back to the office will find that their talent will disappear.
"My team has 8 open headcount because HR insists on office based

Absolute shitshow"
Spotify is spot on with their comment.
My job brought us back for an additional day. ItÉ??s fucking stupid. I do the same exact shit except now I can fuck around with my coworkers more and work less.
yeah they only give children hundred million dollar deals to spout a bunch of nonsense on their platform
Common Spotify W.
"Thank you Spotify. But still, this

>we all struggle to collaborate in a virtual environment

Is complete bullshit."
Okay Spotify I see you I hear you. Where's my HiFi plan?
"É??alright, IÉ??ll keep listening to Spotify. TheyÉ??re aight."
"Our hero, u/ICumCoffee!"
"And just like that, everyone forgot about what a dogshit company Spotify is."
You mean the ones they didnÉ??t lay off?
I was concerned for a moment that they had to clarify that they weren't employing children and then my reading comprehension skills kicked in ????
"My org called us back to office 5 days a week with over time by our PE  installed CEO and told us that we are not children, and also, we're all adults here wben he was asked about what would be the new WFH policy be. His name is a homonym with an actor thats famous for running around doing impossible missions"
Why are they raising their prices then???
ThatÉ??s kick ass. They can keep moving to my city and ruining the fucking housing market
I read this as them saying they didnÉ??t delve into child labor at firstÉ??IÉ??m glad that theyÉ??re actually saying they donÉ??t treat their employees like children lol
"Well, well.  They just earned a chance for a subscription.  I was quite wary of them before this."
"And my company is renovating our office. 

We WFH twice a week and I can see that going away once the phase 2 is finished here in a couple months. We have remote employees that WFH every day. The day they make me comeback 5 days a week is the day I quit."
Glad to give this company my money.
Because they don't want to do layoffs right now. When they want to reduce headcount to juice next quarters they make an RTO mandate.
Has anyone else noticed that Spotify random play has suddenly improved 100%?
">Spotify Says Its Employees ArenÉ??t Children

I read this as Spotify denying child labor allegations lol"
"Spotify also wanted developers to work at night, but the Swedish Work Environment Authority said no.

So now they threaten to move thier business elsewhere"
Rare Spotify W
"As long as the profit flows, the bullshit jobs will continue.?ˇ"
"And just like that, their qualified applicant pool tripled."
Well they're a) probably not getting taxbreaks from cities b) probably already shed the right amount of employees during the layoffs c) don't have a CEO who is a fucking ghoul
The productivity statements regarding home office are just a lame excuse for the companies to effectively get rid of X percentage of employees. It's the easiest way and this narrative is often repeated by press companies in news articles. It is so obvious.
Did we just become best friends?  Yup!
They hiring an entry level IT guy? lol
Tell that to Amazon.  I will quit if my current job ever tries to enforce RTO.
Welp. Time to apply
ItÉ??s always been political.
A few people took advantage of WFH and that opened the door for companies to do productivity studies and that created request to return to office.
You can listen to your music collection from anywhere with Spotify. It would be a stretch for them to say their employees can't work from anywhere they damn well please.
Shit company that will be dead in 10 years
"I wish my CEO was this smart about return to office. About 99% of my company and I could be strictly remote work, and hell I was able to get better quality work in during remote. 

The company would be able to save rent, loss of productivity, morale would be higher, etc. But CEO says he É??missed seeing people in the officeÉ?ù (when his door is closed all the time.) Aka he spent a shitload on rent and wants to pretend that heÉ??s getting something in return."
This is the way to do it and keep staff morale high as well.
"But, Spotify has never posted an anual profit. [Chart](https://www.statista.com/statistics/244990/spotifys-revenue-and-net-income/)"
Great. Now pay the artistÉ??s
Are they hiring?
Way to go Spotify!
"Something has always bugged me, 
With people always working from home isn't most of the jobs going to get outsourced? jobs are outsource now but this isn't going to help is it?"
Heartwarming news: a corporate you hate makes a great point
"I've got a solid job right now, but I'll definitely remember this next time I'm looking. I like the action they're taking and I like their commentary on it."
Applying to spotify
IÉ??m glad I donÉ??t work in the same state as my company. My commute would be 9 hours.
This.  Any company that can't handle their employees working remotely is poorly managed and not results oriented.
"Spotify is applying a ""if ain't broke, don't fix it"" policy."
Applying now
Common Spotify W
Oooh I said exactly this as feedback to media company I work for. They actually wound back mandates and made it more of an opt in but love seeing other companies taking the initiative without having the workforce have to fight to maintain the work standards they've had for nearly half a decade now.
The headline is super misleading. Spotify still requires you to work some days in the office. They operate on a Hybrid-first model. They just won't be switching to an 100% onsite model anytime soon.
Spotify is one of the best tech companies ever. I gladly will pay the price increases after decades of low prices and awesome features.
thatÉ??s cool and all but i would like to know the fuck they are doing apart from fucking up their service and UI?
"Great, now let me hide songs on desktop"
Since this is likely something of a counterpoint to Amazon. Just as a point of comparison. They have 15k employees. Amazon has 100x that.
Maybe now they can pay the artists they make all their money from better if they are saving on office space
Good guy Spotify
"Other companies should just call it a soft layoff to cut costs without paying severance instead of the bullshit É??itÉ??s better for productivity and collaborationÉ??É?ù. 

Yeah weÉ??ve just all fucked around and got nothing done in past 4 years working remote. /s"
"No, but apparently customers are cows for milking, as I've just been emailed about the second price rise this year."
I fucking love this. There might still be some slim sliver of hope
At first I thought Spotify was being accused of child labor.
Honestly the days I went into the office were the days I did nothing and justified it as team building. My paranoia of getting my 8 hours in while IÉ??m home alone means that even on my É??slowÉ?ù days I get more done just because I donÉ??t have coworkers. Like a balance and all that but wfh is just stupid to take away if you want people to actually get stuff done.
"Cool, now stop jacking up the prices."
Last famous person did mandatory rto is Marissa Mayer of Yahoo (long time google exec). Look where she is now
"Of course, they never bought a building.  It's so fucking transparent yet people still try to drag out the ""collaboration"" line."
"management dont give a fuck in nearly all companies, if they are given a bonus to cut costs and fire employees they'll do anything to achieve it at the expense of the company

instead of firing people and paying them out, they'll do stupid moves like force return to office mandates and other idiotic policies knowing a small percentage of staff will resign

they achieve their ""goal"" and are paid millions in bonuses, but essential and good workers leave which are then replaced by contractors and staff you need to train and are hired at market rate

so the company is in a worse position in the long term, other companies will attempt to pick and hire the best skilled candidates that are available"
"It is so weird seeing tech companies go back to the office, while I work at Deloitte, a big old consulting and accounting firm, and they happily let us work from home. I go into the office once and a while just to see the handful of other people who go into the nearly empty office and get out of the apartment."
"Crappy company if youÉ??re a musician, but I gotta give them props for treating employees with respect.

now if theyÉ??d just treat musicians with respect"
"Isn't Spotify headquartered in an E.U. country?

Another reason why the European Union generally does things better than we do in the USA :)"
Spotify doing something that doesn't suck?  I must be dreaming!
I was going to cancel Spotify but if this is true I'll keep it. I can support a company that supports its employees
Now if they just paid artistsÉ??. Fuck Spotify
My biggest pet peeve with modern human society is how adults are increasingly being treated like children. Historically from the government but now the megacorps as well. If Spotify promotes a free and mature culture then I can only see that benefitting them.
Rare Spotify W
This is how a company should be run! I have a fear of what happens next quarter because I get the feeling they are going to say everyone is in the office full time.  I really think they are doing this instead of layoffs so attrition will happen.  3 days a week is fine but I am not sure I can handle 5 days in office.
"Yeah I work in Tokyo and my office has let me work from home/abroad for three months this year on top of my weekly allowance of two days out of five. 

And I have to say, that they trust things will be ok without me being on their time throughout the year is amazing. But I miss my office when I'm away. When it's remote work I've got nothing to do besides work. In the office I can chat to colleagues which I guess I kind of like"
Tell them to make the shuffle button to actually shuffle songs
"Having employees that aren't children is generally preferable.
Any extroverts out there who prefer remote work?"
What a legend.
"Ok, awesome, but can they fix the shuffle function now??"
 IÉ??m glad musicians can make it so Spotify has good benefits for employees.
"I hate Spotify, but I will reward them with at least 3m."
"Tell Spotify to raise its artists shared fees, idc"
AND THE CROWD GOES WILD!
I used Spotify yesterday ????
"The entire IT team at my company went remote in 2020 and we have stayed that way the whole time. It was a really easy transition too because most of us were already working with people all over the globe so we had the right communications in place. They changed it a few times from WebEx to Zoom to Teams. But that doesn't matter as much. As long as everyone can communicate, they can work together. I'll go into the office once a month just because it's nice to see people in person."
"When companies do return to office mandates, theyÉ??re just doing a soft layoff. They want a reason to fire a bunch of people to trim the fat without providing layoff packages before they do the *real* layoff. When they do this, you should start the process of talking to your coworkers about unionizing, or looking for another job."
[https://media1.tenor.com/m/J5A9wZzn3ZYAAAAd/robert-redford-jeremiah-johnson.gif](https://media1.tenor.com/m/J5A9wZzn3ZYAAAAd/robert-redford-jeremiah-johnson.gif)
Support Spotify!!!
...six months later...
This entire attitude about how we are working from home because we don't want to work has got to stop. I work from home a lot and here's the thing I don't think some companies understand.... I want my company to succeed. I do. And me slacking off is not going to help. I work harder at home.. because o want you to know that
I guess IÉ??ll renew my Spotify
If only they treated the musicians that well.
"Between the lines: we can hire workers in distant locations who are cheaper than locals, and they can do the job just as well if not better."
"The only reason amazon is so adamant in RTO is because their ""leadership"" and managers are all control freaks and weirdos."
"I've always been a huge fan of WFH, even when I was a manager.  I hired people who were smart, productive, and trustworthy, and expected that they were more than capable of managing theiir time.  As long as shit got done, I was happy.

What worries me is for younger generations.  I understand that they are much more comfortable conducting their lives online, but there are some intangible benefits to those random workplace encounters.  My son had a 100% remote internship this summer, and as plugged in as he is to resources like discord, he still found it challenging at times starting in a brand new environment all online.  I think it is definitely an issue for situations where a steep learning curve is involved."
"Let's hope more European companies will act like this.?ˇ

As someone is sales I haven't been to an office in ten+ years (aside from customers and partners).?ˇ"
Spotify figured it out? Not gonna lie. This one hurts.
This makes so much sense
That's so funny when reading that Dell forces its Sales-workers back to office.
"Spotify just earned themselves a new customer, me!"
"I just looked at some jobs on their website and they say they are located in X office, so the headline is misleading at best ???˙??èØÉ?çÉ??ã?è"
Daniel seems to be not over invested in commercial real estate ????
"Yay, cool! Now sign a CBA you greedy corporate fucks and stop firing union workers."
"I donÉ??t get it, whatÉ??s the connection between children and needing/ wanting them to return to work?

ItÉ??s not like children werenÉ??t doing fine with attending school from home during covid.

I think a better analogy couldÉ??ve been used here."
Swedish work culture is simply the best
But now they gotta pay the artists fairly
Well.  I might just have to sign up for Spotify to show my approval of them doing the right thing.  It's about time some company did for once.
just a PR stunt
Cool. Another rto/wfh thread in this garbage sub. How far the technology sub has fallen.
There is a serious reckoning comming for employers. We lost 15% YTD  of our team (our churn was between 3 and  5% before they enforced RTO) to companies offering work from anywhere  and no forced office time. And of course it's the best people leaving.  Our recruiting team is also having a real hard time convincing candidate to apply because of this.
You can tell who works from home. Much like you can tell who was homeschooled. It doesnÉ??t É??age wellÉ?ù. You cannot innovate sometimes without the possibility of randomness. The types of comms one may be exposed to is exponential. Number of potential communication channels = n x (n-1)/2. Conversations change people.
"I agree - During the worst of the pandemic, everything was chaotic, and remote work became a necessary experiment that ended up proving economical and productive for many companies. SpotifyÉ??s approach makes senseÉ??they're sticking with remote and hybrid work while still acknowledging that human interaction is important. whether its ""core week"" or some version of it, the balance flexibility with essential in-person collaboration, helps maintain those coworker relationships and creativity without a full return to the office."
"They share my sentiment, I don't treat adults like children at my workplace either so I don't censor them for anything as long they are doing what they are supposed to do. Let's keep in mind spotify is a european company so they have different standards."
"I legitimately started looking at any job postings they had as soon as I saw the article. My office did a return to office mandate and it's been a joke. Everyone is back in the office but everyone is still communicating and meeting over Microsoft Teams, the managers aren't even in the office most of the time, the Office Branch Manager who pushed the mandate doesn't even live in this city and doesn't work from the office either, he shows up once every two weeks for 2 days."
That's exactly what they're doing. Samething Microsoft was doing when they announced they won't be doing mandatory return to office. They want to skim the top talent that is looking for other opportunities. Pretty smart. Gonna be some big brain drains at these other tech companies foolish enough to keep forcing these return to office mandates.
"Or, they laid off so many people in the last couple years that they can't afford to lose more trust with the people they have."
They are also very good at making the tools and processes fit the teams rather than the other way around.
"They also did a 17%/1500 job layoff late last year, plus IIRC a smaller layoff earlier this year. Let's not forget about that."
"yes.  
but in the case of spotify and how their UX/UI has been developing in the last few years, I am not sure about this applying to spotify."
They laid them off earlier this year lmao
They are 100% only taking this stance because they canÉ??t attract talent - the firings earlier this year and other issues with toxic workplace culture are hurting them badly
"In Stockholm it's pretty much standard now to have work from home. Some companies here have even started offering 4 day work weeks to attract talent, and I'm sure that'll be the next standard in a few years."
They seriously need to attract some talent after their huge layoffs at the beginning of the year. They goofed up really bad.
people forgot Spotify used to have employees come to office 5 days a week. this is just them back peddling.
Is that the same talent that way overpaid for those podcasts hahaha
"I applied to them last week, fingers crossed"
No real É??talentÉ?ù goes to Spotify :)
This has been my companyÉ??s strategy and apparently HR runs the data with the data team and they are very comfortable letting teams being mostly or fully remote. I can understand their concerns about innovation and collaboration but there are ways to ensure that the company successfully delivers.
"True, but seems they're trying to put out some good news to counter the news about their latest price pump. The 25% hike on my family plan sucks pretty hard."
My current employer poached me after a return to the office mandate.  It's like shooting fish in a barrel.
Where's the talent that specializes in the shuffle algorithm? They need to get fired.
"Lord knows they need it. 

Spotify is complete ass right now.  I've used it since 2010 and the 'radio' is such bullshit.   Head over to the Spotify sub and everyone just shits on them"
Now if only they could have that talent great a UI that wasn't absolute shit and finally offered audio quality on par with Tidal and Apple Music.
If their app is any evidence it's really not.
so this is like brownie points after mass layoffs?
"For real. 

IÉ??ll be looking at Spotify as a great company to work for in my mind for this. 

Maybe IÉ??ll see a job posting there IÉ??d like someday."
Would nobody think about the CEO's and their investments tied up in fancy corporate buildings that are sitting empty??
"Maybe, but spotify does have some if the worst software in existence across their app suite lol"
Except they laid off half of the dev team we were working with (including the lead) on a project with 0 warning.
"They laid off 1000 employees last year, cutting their staff by 17%.

Edit: it was more like 1500 employees"
You say this as they literally laid off 17% of their workforce. Spotify is a crap company that abuses artists.?ˇ
lol give it 3-6 months and theyÉ??ll change
what's not mentioned is that these return to work mandates are also stealth layoffs. They don't want to pay severance or let the investors see a layoff so they do things like this.
Now please reduce the number of ads to a maximum of two in a row
"Worth bearing in mind, many of the hard RTO firms arenÉ??t trying to attract talent- they overhired in the last few years. They donÉ??t want to fire people because of the costs, so theyÉ??ve come up with this little scheme to see who will take the shit. It also tells them that those that hang around will take a dick in the mouth rather than actual raise going forward. And yes, they do discuss it directly in those terms, when in private.

But sure, it is É??productivityÉ?? when theyÉ??re hitting record revenue gates."
Ikr I immediately wanted to go see what job openings they have rn when I read this
"I guess they still have money.

When that stops, the MBA geniuses will try their handful of asshole tricks."
"Except the app sucks


Work from home, fuck yea
Fuck yea, fix the app"
"Idk if thats actually true, since most talent is willing to come to the office."
https://www.forbes.com/sites/jackkelly/2024/04/26/spotifys-recent-layoffs-impacted-the-company-more-than-anticipated/
They gonna use that talent anytime soon? The app sucks
ThatÉ??s also the reason they donÉ??t have performance metrics tied to sales. Companies using the É??return to workplaceÉ?ù as their passive-aggressive way of firing people to make their P/L margins the same or bigger.
now they just gotta pay the artists
Did they JUST layoff a significant portion of their workforce?
"""talent"" is a loose term. They have talent but waste their resources on perpetual UI crap. 

WHERE IS THE SPOTIFY HIFI TIER? 
https://www.reddit.com/r/audiophile/s/L7v8M7o5zL"
Shame spotify is daycare for adults though.
Maybe that can attract someone to un-fuck shuffle.
That's how you alienate shareholders who also hold real-estate investments. Huge issue.
"It's going to be interesting when analysis is done in a few years' time of whether WFH vs RTO office policies did have an impact on the bottom line.

I suspect - and hope - that they will, though I also anticipate it may be partly sector-specific. As in some sectors will benefit/suffer more than others overall."
"And even better way to attract talent is to not terminate every US based employee not directly related to supporting their podcast production efforts, the majority of which is for Joe Rogan.?ˇ"
It just means Spotify didn't get any 100-million-doller tax break from the city they established their HQ.
"I applied for 3 different SWE roles at Spotify last week. 

Reading this makes me hope I get it"
It's too bad Spotify threw away so much of their talent a few months ago. I'm sure they would have appreciated Spotify's approach to work from home if they were still employed.
"It's not just real estate, but tax breaks from big cities for very expensive prime office locations. Lots of big cities paid for Amazon offices for example on the condition they would be bringing thousands of employees to their locations pumping money into the surrounding businesses. If they aren't bringing the employees, the cities are going to come knocking."
"I worked at Spotify. In Stockholm alone they had three massive offices, including a brand new one, and a few thousand people IRLÉ?? and they are still staying remote. IMO itÉ??s more investor pressure and poor leadership thatÉ??s forcing people back, rather than real estate."
+1 to this. This is why I strongly believe WFH will likely be a long term change coming from new companies that build themselves up through this model and don't have existing real estate costs they need to justify in their budget. The companies that work through solving the problems of working remotely that don't fold to simply go back to what worked in the past is hopefully what will attract good talent in the long term that will force other companies to either adopt better policies or lose good talent.
They've got relatively brand new offices at 4 World Trade Center. I think they have at least two or three full floors.
ItÉ??s also very hard to have an affair with a colleague when you work from home
"no, this is totally off  

companies are opening new offices *all the time* the last year

this isnÉ??t about filling existing offices - all of those existing leases expired long ago and have since been renewed

so, no, it has 0 to do with real estate investment in the majority of cases"
"Companies will be like É??we need to lower emissionsÉ?ù and then refuse to lower the largest emission produced by the common man

(Cars on the street for hours a day in traffic just to go do work they couldÉ??ve done at home)"
Fucks wrong with Spotify  now
"> The entire concept of flipping remote work around is based on real estate justification and power over your employee.

That is not a universal truth."
"If you can't determine if your worker is actually contributing wtf are you doing? 

You don't even need to track metrics anally. It's obvious if someone is contributing to a project or not. If you want METRICS EXIST."
She have terrible takes on unionisation and worker rights though.
"The streaming services got a bad rap because of a bullshit narrative started by the record companies. Turns out Spotify have existed for almost 20 years without making profits, millions in debt. And labels painted them as villains, so no one would notice the labels are making billions in profit off unfair contracts. 

I'm so happy to see how many artists are making music without the greedy labels, thanks to technology that allows them to produce and promote their music independently. And then selling the music directly to the streaming services, making bigger profits and also having control of their creative works.

Hoping the same will happen to gaming and movies honestly."
"Lol my work said something similar and even adopted a model for flexibility but went back on what they said. I hope that isn't the case for Spotify, also I hope they're hiring cuz I want in"
"> On 4 December 2023, Spotify's CEO announced that approximately 17% of employees worldwide would be laid off. 

your reminder that not one tech giant will think twice about laying anyone off if it benefits shareholders, nice christmas gift for 1500 employees"
"They're still sitting at -50 or so considering they have the lowest pay rates for artists, no longer pay for the first 1,000 streams on a song, have broken fraud detection forcing songs down by real artists, own distributors that place music on Spotify yet still take their own cut or force you to pay per album to upload on their service, and more.

They might be nice to employees but treat artists such as myself horrible."
"Same. I started my job fresh out of college in 2020. Like 2 weeks into it, I showed up to the CEO in cargo shorts and a work shirt telling me we were going full remote and to take anything I wanted/needed from the office with. We have no head office, and I've been loving it ever since."
What do you do
"Same, they stopped renting the building I used to work in shortly after 2020 and I've since moved 400 miles away. My company was pushing WFH long before the pandemic came along though, so they were more than happy to move us all to WFH and keep us there."
I worked from home well before the pandemic.. and continue to WFH lol
"Plot twist: company starts requesting employees at the office , there's no office, employees vanish out of thin air"
"Because they own real estate and need to justify the cost? Having power over their employees? Justifying middle management? I don't know enough about business to say for sure, just a guess."
"The biggest issue is on-boarding. Our existing cohort of employees preform just fine in the remote work environment but our new hires take significantly longer to bring up to speed and never get close to the same level of performance even though we've been trying for years to figure it out.


Then also once a team slowly transition to >50+% hired in the remote only world the whole teams performance starts to tank. So I guess overall it's because they are worried about this upcoming cliff on their new hire pipeline."
"Real-estate costs and tax breaks. Large companies have already invested in offices, so they need to justify the expenses rather than having their office space empty.

Secondly, large cities offer tax break incentives for companies to have their employees RTO. The idea behind this is that the employees will spend their money on the surrounding smaller businesses, thus boosting the localized economy.

For clarification, I do not agree with this and would rather WFH. However, I do work for a company that is currently a hybrid of 2 days WFH and 3 days RTO. During the days when we all are RTO, the surrounding restaurants are packed during lunch. During those days when everyone is working from home, those same restaurants are dead all day."
At the rates Spotify is paying they already have top tier trustable employees. You can't possibly convince me that all employees of all kinds can be trusted to WFH. I know a guy with 4 kids under 6 and wife works as a nurse full time and he doesn't pay for childcare. He's a leech that has to be constantly baby sat and he's not all that unique.
Nah spotify is the only subscription im very happy to pay. 10É?™ per month for pretty much all songs that ever existed is a good deal.
"Spotify was a pioneer in modern, non-bullshit organization methods before some agile consultants could say ""scrum"". There's a reason why things like the Spotify health check are used widely across the industry."
Run by adult rich kids with no imagination
"The part that I don't get is why cities aren't financially incentivizing companies to keep or migrate positions remote. Maybe it's just nigh impossible to legislate in a way that won't get gamed to unintended effect.

Either way, it honestly seems pretty cost-effective relative to our next-best option of building as much rail and subway infrastructure as possible."
The problem is most big corporate investors also have a lot of money in real estate. So they pressure the boards to get people back in offices so they can raise rent on them.
"Reminds me of a GTA III commercial:

> A good shoe starts from the ground up.  
> At Eris, we make high-quality footwear.  
> In fact, you can find Eris running shoes in over 140 countries around the world.  
>In the past, there's been some criticism about our workers.  
> That's why I'm here at one of the Eris factories so you can meet some of them.  
> ""Excuse me, sir. Do you enjoy your job here?""  
> **Kid**: ""It's fun! We get to play with knives.""  
> ""I see. Is there a real sense of teamwork?""  
> **Kid**: ""My friend Joey sewed his hands together!""  
> ""Wow! You're learning some real skills.""  
> ""How about the salary and benefits?""  
> **Kid**: ""Yesterday, I made a DOLLAR.""  
> ""See? That's the kind of dedication we have to our employees and the quality of our shoes.""  
> Eris running shoes.  
> Always running... from something.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oj4WTaqYVSE"
Literally not true at all. Apple uses other companies to employ their child workers. That way the horrible working conditions Apple enforce aren't their fault. How could they know?
[removed]
"> They also cut 17% of their workforce in the past year, so donÉ??t worship them as some type of corporate martyr too hard.

Are you a bot? Someone made this exact comment, word-for-word, two days ago on a related thread.

https://np.reddit.com/r/GeneralMotors/comments/1g0abr1/spotifys_hr_chief_says_remote_staff_arent/lr89833/


Edit: yeah, you're a bot. In the past hour your 1-month-old account has said verbatim copies of two of the comments from that thread as if they were your own. Reported.

Edit2: And the account eternaleliza is now deleted. Not suspicious at all."
"WhatÉ??s morally bad about laying off employees? I mean É?? sure, it sucks for the affected employees, but these are profit-oriented companies we are talking about, not charities. If anything, you could maybe blame them for hiring too much in the first place."
A lot of places also overhired heavily during COVID and eventually had to rectify that situation.
"I just took a look at their open job listings, none of them are listed as remote."
Sweating while trying to figure out how to market my science degree to Spotify ????
"I'm one of those people. If I have tasks that are fairly straight forward and I don't need to think too hard about them, WFH is great.

In any situation where I'm doing things that I'm not 100% on, I really like being able to go and have a quick chat with coworkers/SME's and have an environment where I can concentrate without the ""home"" distractions."
"There are solutions for managers to manage remotely, they're just kind of awkward.

I am someone who struggled really hard to manage my own workload in college. Did a lot better with WFH at my job but *only* because I made it an integrity issue for myself to only log the work hours that I actually worked. Otherwise things would have gone very poorly.

Ideally we would have options for people who need help managing their workload and so on, both in terms of remote management and in terms of being able to go into an office or shared work area or something."
"> I can say with confidence that not everyone can handle the responsibility of managing their own workload. 

Isn't that why you have managers? If someone has to be babysat 24/7 they aren't good for the job regardless of location."
Me too - for longer than a second
Blame the labels for their crappy contracts
A lot of companies are using it as a way to get employees to quit without having to fire them and pay severance.
Those children will be children in the office too.  I already knew which employees would be terrible at wfh when Covid hit and we had to go work from home.
"We're 4 days in office and I cannot get a fucking thing done with the constant disruptions.

When I was fully remote for 2.5 was the most productive I ever been until they sent us back to the office. The obsession with attendance over quality is infuriating."
[removed]
"Apologies for being that person, but I think you may have meant censure as opposed to censor."
"I was never controlled as an employee. I've had conditions and common goal. I never took a job if I didn't feel like that I am going to willing to do it and have enough compensation for it. And as the result - everyone is getting expected results. 

And I continued this trend into my own employees. As I carefully chose people that I feel like I can rely on and then just give them my expectations and just let them do it however they see appropriate. It doesn't always meet my expectations, but I can always tell that they did their best."
Exactly. We should be able to look at a *little* porn at work.
"Standards such as laying off 17% of their workforce, spending hundreds of millions on podcasters, and suing music artists??ˇ"
"IÉ??ve read it said that itÉ??s about commercial real estate and or control freak management. IÉ??d love it if the US federal government investigated and then did something about it.

ThereÉ??s no good answer though. If we pass laws to force employers to allow employees to work from home theyÉ??ll either add duties that canÉ??t be done remotely or outsource the jobs overseas. 

:("
"I have a newish job where our boss treats us like adults. It's been a while since I had a job that treated me like an adult and it's weird.  I asked so many questions in the beginning and eventually our boss was just like ""I know a lot of places don't do this, but we're all adults. I don't care what you really do as long as you are mostly available between 9am and 2pm and you get you job done.""

I work from home 4 days a week, 10ish hours a day, 3 day weekends every week. I can get the majority of my work done in about 4 or 5 hours. Then I just put my mouse on the jiggler to keep my teams icon active and keep my work phone on me and do whatever I want.  I'll go take a walk and take a work call and it's totally fine. I took a nap on my hammock during my lunch break the other day. I feel like I'm living a lie."
">  the Office Branch Manager who pushed the mandate doesn't even live in this city and doesn't work from the office either, he shows up once every two weeks for 2 days.

The beatings will continue until morale improves..."
"Same. Our office started with 2/day per week RTO. They recently changed it to 3/days per week in office. ItÉ??s miserable. We also share desks. Which makes finding a space to work on days you overlap with your desk mate super annoying. Productivity has gone down across the board. People are coming in to the office sick. WeÉ??ve had covid, strep, and the flu run rampant. Execs have been complaining about an increase in PTO usage and made up a É??clarificationÉ?ù that said if you use a sick day or vacation day, you still have to do your 3 days in office. Or how ever many days remaining in office if you use multiple PTO days. ItÉ??s completely tanked office morale."
"People in tech should realize that unions aren't just for pay. If you're happy with your pay, you can form a union purely on negotiating work conditions. The contract doesn't have to include pay at all (again, if everyone's happy on that front)."
"Yeah, you and every other person in the country.

That's the one downside to ""Work from Anywhere"" jobs.  They're kinda crazy on the market.

Seriously, I was a manager for a bit and any job we posted as remote or work from anywhere literally got a thousand or more applications within a few days.  It was wild."
"The companies doing return to office don't think what they're doing is foolish. They're intentionally looking to trim the fat without actually having to do layoffs, and by forcing in-office work they know people will leave in droves. 

It is, however, very short sighted because they're obviously going to lose the top talent first as they'll have the easiest time getting offers."
"I have a suspicion some companies just make side deals with their principal engineers that they don't have to follow those rules, in order to retain them"
"Yeah, they don't have an RTO because they aren't trying to get a bunch of people to quit since they already layed them off."
"So?  Just as they discovered they have employees who are productive at home, they discovered they had employees whose productivity didnÉ??t justify employment.

Spotify isnÉ??t a charity"
or design the ui hahaha
Nashville waves hi.  Yep we did that and yes it the reason for rto here.  Also itÉ??s real estate cause a huge chunk of the tax breaks we gave them were property tax as they are  not incorporated here.
"Many of the cities tie it to whenever the company hires a net increase to employees

For example AmazonÉ??s HQ2 in Arlington, VA was never finished, only the first building consolidating existing employees was so Amazon never received the full set of tax breaks as they have yet to actually bring in more employees"
"Anyone else think that paying the richest company in the world (via shifted tax burden) to bribe them to build an office in your city is a ridiculous idea?

Its the same idea behind bribing the sports companies&stadiums - socialize the costs and privatize the profits.

They have to exist somewhere anyways. That worked just fine for thousands of years where people didnt have to do that."
Maybe the cities need to work on affordability of housing to attract more people who work remotely to live there.
"Manufactured inefficiency motivated by greed

Could it get any more capitalist than this?"
"I worked across the street from the Spotify office in SF, and it's quite nice. It's awesome that they're keeping this stance."
Does Stockholm give $200 million dollar tax breaks for picking their city vs another one?
"Completely insignificant when you compare it to a company like Amazon, it becomes clear why theyÉ??re forcing RTO: https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/amazon.job-cms-website.paperclip.prod/global_images/17/images/testMap.jpg?1528133367

And this is only their Seattle office buildings."
"Space in 4 WTC is pretty cheap since they didn't fill occupancy

(source: used to be in 3 WTC near McKinsey and got an insane deal)"
"itÉ??s not a truth at all in any way, most companies are leasing anyway"
"> You don't even need to track metrics anally. 

I sincerely hope no one ever tracks my metrics anally"
That is so unbelievably far from reality
This is literally not true. Holy fuck.
"Don't worry Spotify PR, you get to keep working from home too."
Are youÉ??delusional?
"Basically, if WFH isnt explicitly written into your employment contract be prepared for your company to want you back in the office."
Spotify are known to be a very progressive employer so I doubt it for this specific case. They've been doing remote work and WFH for a long time now.
"I donÉ??t get it. Are they supposed to just employ people for the sake of it? Cost cutting is very normal in business, if they canÉ??t do it they would lack behind competitors."
"Artists of all walks are being fucked so hard by big business and AI right now and audiences donÉ??t give a fuck. Maybe they will when thereÉ??s no artists left who can survive making music or movies, and all audiences can consume is regurgitated AI shite"
Beautiful isnÉ??t it? My boss isnÉ??t even in the same state. Once a week Teams huddle with my peers and once a month one on one teams call with El Hefe. And the rest is É??just get your work done and do your job wellÉ?ù
"that is cool. if this gains traction, we could free a lot of space in the big cities. people might have place to live there again"
"IÉ??m an insurance appraiser. I write estimates on wrecked cars. Sometimes in person, sometimes virtually via photos sent in either by the customer or the shop who is repairing the car. 

I just signed up for hurricane duty, meaning when the electricity is back on and the roads navigable, theyÉ??ll fly me out east to go help these people who have lost everything. This would be my first time on disaster duty and the more I see the devastation the more I want to go out and help make people whole again. Éù?ã?è"
"So I'm middle management, I never got why people think middle management needs to be justified unless they've only dealt with really shitty middle managers. 

My director has a group of like 150 people. She can't manage 150 people, so she has middle managers. My job is to make sure my 15 people have what they need to do their job, and that I know what their impact is on their projects so I can accurate rate/rank people at the end of the year. I also have a technical role on top of my management work. Middle managers should be the busiest employees who have the most accurate picture of who is an asset, who isn't, where problems are, and who has bandwidth to solve those problems. It's an important job. Too many people have managers who apparently do fuck all all day and then complain about their staff. Those people should be fired."
"> Because they own real estate and need to justify the cost?

Most companies don't actually own the places they do business in though, they lease. They have no skin in that real estate game."
"I'm fairly certain this is why our company hasn't enforced RTO. All of their offices are on lease, and they decided not to renew that lease this year. Even if they pushed for it now, there's no office for me to go to."
"Eh - truly innovative companies still gain alot from being in person.

With that said the vast majority of jobs are not innovating so it doesnÉ??t matter."
I'm also very happy to pay it rather than having a 25% price hike shoved up my ass by youtube
"I wish it had every song, I still have to download somethings and then add them to my Spotify playlist because they aren't really a thing on Spotify.  Ya know some of those classic stupid youtube songs."
I just wish they fixed their shuffle algorithms.
"I'm happy to pay it (well, I still have the Hulu bundle from years ago), but I *sorely* wish they would pay artists more/negotiate with the labels to do so. Especially smaller artists trying to make their break - they have some of the widest catalogues and the most ears by far, but pay the artists dirt. When I can, I've gone back to physical/Bandcamp purchases for artists I really dig.

We've been so spoiled by their $10/mo (or so) subscription, that to pay what it actually probably costs would be catastrophic."
plenty of other options that fulfill that tho. I use deezer and pay the same but get lossless quality.
Just not for the artists
Ah! Good point
"GTA in-game ads are peak satire, they're hilarious"
"Thanks for the sleuthing. Really creepy how a bot posts a comment and starts a chain of (maybe) real people talking and arguing. Terrifying to think about how often thats the case nowadays. Like, Apple music or someone has got Spotify slandering bots out trying to talk bad about them any chance. Wild"
"Wtf is the point of an anti Spotify bot anyways? What's the angle?

For the record, I believe you about that being a bot, I just don't understand why someone would bother making one"
This is mostly correct. ItÉ??s not immoral to lay off and downsize. Where it does become ethically questionable is when youÉ??re laying off purely to rehire at a lower price point.
"If the layoffs were due to actual declines in revenue, rather than to temporarily increase shareholder value by increasing profits on paper (rather than actually creating new revenue streams), sure. But these companies by and large are turning record profits while getting rid of the people who generated those profits, which is the morally bad part. Things like stock buybacks, increasing C suite compensation and the like should be illegal after layoffs, since that is where that money is being É??reinvestedÉ?ù in many cases."
"Yeah, pretty sure that's what mine is doing."
It's not even trust - it is common benefit. Employees benefit from ability to pick their best environment and company benefits from less toxic and more meaningful collaboration.
"The is on point. the more management tells people how to do their job, the less employees care about actual productivity. Getting told what to do is like stripping the sense of fulfillment. It makes people look like tools instead of independent minds contributing to the company."
"I've been managing people for a long long time. There are employees that are awesome remote. There are employees that are much more productive in office. Then there are employees that suck in both positions.

""Trust"" only goes so far. But like any other business, you interview, you give them a chance, and if they betray that trust, you find someone that won't."
"Not even trust - just monitor and measure what actually matters, which is work output / productivity."
"Why apologize? I mean, perhaps you could have been a tad more discrete in pointing out such discreet mix ups, but Your censure of their use of censor definitely hit the mark. In any case, the affect of your correction will likely complement their improvement."
Good management is understanding your goals and how long it takes to achieve them.
"Ven diagram, man."
They're already outsourcing everything they can
"Investigate what? Neither micromanagement nor wishing to utilize your real estate is illegal. It may not make for a desirable job, but that's not the government's problem."
That is the power of American Christian CapitalismÉ?õã?è???????ß???????????õã?è???Æ???¯ (assuming he lives in the US)
"I think in the long run (like 20 years out when more startups try replacing their engineers with 1 engineer weeding through AI-generated code) we will regret not being unionized, but in the meanwhile, **because** the pay is so good, engineers already enjoy the freedom to look for better jobs. Like they can afford to just quit their job and spend 6 months looking for a job with provably good conditions, and if they're half-decent and not choosing to do this in the middle of a major recession will probably find one.

Given that freedom--where aside from the few that are stupidly splurging all of their tech industry money every week people in this industry are **not** living anywhere near paycheck to paycheck--a union understandably looks redundant and like way too much organizational work. That's why I don't think we'll see major tech industry unions until the money dries up (where by ""dries up"" I mean ""gets concentrated even more towards the top executives due to greedy abuse of AI, reducing the demand for mid-tier engineers"")"
"Yeah, exactly. That's what I was trying to say as well."
Doing a formal layoff is the most professional way to let people go.  The RTO bullshit games are harmful and offensive.
Great so employees can lose quality of life so a corporation can pay less in taxes. ItÉ??s ok though IÉ??m sure theyÉ??ll trickle down all those savings to the employees to say thanks for losing out on this whole situation because of a short sighted decision.
Then why don't they just shutdown that office or move to a smaller office. What's the point of being in an office just to get a tax break?
...people didnt have internet thousands of years ago. Which meant they had to work where they lived.
"I get where you are going with this but you shouldnt make a false claim. History didnt work out so well and there is alot of complication to making comparisons. Lots of large projects that would be similar to stadiums were built or subsidized by the governments. And probably all combinations of models can be used. I just take issue with saying it worked fine. I dont think it matters what happened what we can do is move forward in a better direction. 

IMO the best scenario would be to let the people vote and control things. If the government is to give tax breaks then the luxury of the stadium should be a public good regardless of what may or may not have happened in history. And access to that public good should be run at cost."
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prisoner%27s_dilemma
"> Anyone else think that paying the richest company in the world (via shifted tax burden) to bribe them to build an office in your city is a ridiculous idea?

I thought that had been understood for decades and the people involved in the management on either side were on the take. Apparently some people don't understand that shoveling money at large for-profit corporations isn't going to guarantee that money comes back.

I remember several videos in NotJustBikes breaking down the hard numbers on cost of infrastructure for why suburbs are unsustainable. Same issue."
"Absolutely insane

There should be a means test for these corporate welfare tax breaks. Billion dollar companies should get no tax breaks. We need an alternate corporate minimum tax."
"ah the ""appeal to historic fiction"" argument."
"It's common in Europe too, certainly in my country - tax breaks under the condition you don't create a ""ghost office""."
"It also looks like it's 5-6 years out of date, ReInvent and Nitro should be right next to Day 1, plus a couple more I think. They also lease lots of floors on other buildings they don't own, like the Macy's building."
"I'd be down, different boats for different people I guess. ?ˇfor once I can mix work with pleasure?ˇ"
"Well even if it is, they can just lay you off."
"If you have room to negotiate during the hiring process, have it added to your contract. I had them add a line to say I'll be on site for a maximum of 3 days a week. 

Of course they were saying ""oh, but we do 3 days a week anyway,"" but I'm too old to trust oral agreements. And what do you know, 2.5 years later there's talk about how our competitors all do 4 or 5 days, and that we might follow."
I mean at Dell WFH was explicitly in my contract and they still changed that
"ThatÉ??s Jefe, boss. ????"
You guys hiring? lol (but seriously)
"Yup. This exactly right here. When I was a middle manager my main job was to advocate for my employees and smooth out any bumps in the road and remove roadblocks where I could. If I couldn't I would run it up the chain to get help for my employee.

The other part of my job was teaching/mentoring, and assisting my employees when they were in over their heads. I was busier as a middle manager than as an individual contributor."
"Yeah, unfortunately, I've pretty much exclusively dealt with shitty middle management. They did fuck-all and had to justify their existence through power and fear. I've mostly worked blue-collar and self-employed jobs though, so I admittedly don't have a huge amount of office experience."
"Fwiw, and only because youÉ??re one of the people that would care, but to me thatÉ??s the number one draw of ytm: all the official tracks like spotify and all the records that exist on yt in the same app.?ˇ"
TBF I came here looking for this comment because that was my initial thought too..
 or maybe just karma farming bots who knows
"I don't think it's necessarily anti-Spotify. 

It's just blindly taking top comments from similar threads on lesser-known subs and reposting them in more popular ones to try to get the account's karma up so that the account can later be sold for I guess astroturfing purposes, etc etc. 

The whole selling reddit accounts thing is super weird to me, but that's the world we live in."
"They make fake reddit accounts that just copy / paste comments to gain points, then sell the account. Notice how the bot account is 1 month old , and all it does it this? Once it hits a few thousand points the account will be ""seasoned"" and ready for purchase for a few dollars. It doesnt sound like a lot, but people do this at scale with thousands of accounts at the same time. Once the account is sold it will begin promoting products, spreading propaganda, or driving traffic to a specified website. Or be used to scam people, there are a lot of uses for a fake account.


Also , because these bots ""drive engagement"" , they make reddit money by pumping the traffic numbers up. So reddit doesn't do anything , they're financially incentivised to encourage bot traffic like this . Its becomming a lot more common lately , especially around election times ."
Spotify is not known for being a particularly profitable company.
"Stock buybacks should be illegal or at least disincentivized via taxation or something, regardless of whether thereÉ??s layoffs.

One point about Spotify relative to some other tech companies doing RTOÉ?? Spotify laid people off and provided severance. Amazon uses RTO as a means to cut labor and avoid paying severance."
And save money on office space and a load of useless middle management.
I have crazy adhd and we an engineer I can work 4 hours without even thinking about it. Crush getting work done. Yet sometimes I need to just step away for an hour. Can't do that at an office. The 9-5 cycle just doesn't work for some people
"And pay. Lets be greedy here. 

You can pay somebody in CA, NY, or MA $75,000 a year and be average.

You can pay that exact same human but in MS $55,000 a year, saving $20,000 a year, and paying 22% above average.

Lets also look at talent. If the best web developer in the world lives in rural Nebraska(vs non rural Nebraska mirite), and you want them to come into the office but the office isn't also in rural Nebraska then you don't get the best web developer."
"*Friendly units add 200% to their BURNOUT timers as long as ""Work From Home"" is in play.*"
"Yes! This is something I thought about a lot. If the companies goals align with the employee's goals, it becomes easy to benefit. So many companies fail to realize that their people are their best asset. They will find the best way to achieve a goal if you make it clear."
True story. Comic artist Pete Woods has a mobile home he takes to different locations in California to do his books. He says he works best when he is out in the open or he visits a place to reflect the part of the story.
"> the more management tells people how to do their job, the less employees care about actual productivity

It's also a good way for executive meddling to force a bad product.

As anybody who's worked in a technical field knows, the best way to sabotage your boss is to obey without question. The entire reason technical experts are hired and trained is so the management (which rarely has the technical skills) don't have to micro-manage. It's just the bad  ones that try anyway."
"This is yet another manifestation of Goodhart's Law (""when a measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good measure""), the single principle which explains all of society. 

Like when an HR or middle management droid reads some research showing a correlation between some behavior and some positive productivity outcome. 

They don't understand the relationship between the two, because not understanding stuff is half their job, so they roll out A New Initiative making that behavior mandatory. This always involves time wasting meetings so they can track it, because time wasting meetings are the other half of their job, and now employees are saddled with more opaque, arbitrary looking bullshit to get dinged on during their next performance review.

So the employee goes ""Hey, if the company cares so little about me doing the work they hired me for, what the hell am *I* stressing out about? I'll fill out the fucking paperwork and go to the meetings and just spend 2 hours less per week doing my actual job, and if the project is late or over budget or just fucking sucks, it's not my problem"""
IÉ??m definitely better in the offcie. I worked from home for the last 2 years and by the end I was getting so distracted by everything else at home that I was just barely meeting the metrics my department needed. ItÉ??s hard enough working with ADHD but then add easy access to streaming services and my playstation or PC and it was game over
"I agree with this. I've worked remotely and semi-remotely for many years now, and it suits me. But I've worked with people who really aren't happy being outside the office. They miss the social interaction, they can't self-discipline, etc.

Whereas for some it's the reverse: too many distractions in the office.

What is tricky for organisations to navigate is how to have a policy that's fair but also ensures each employee is productive. That may result in some hard conversations, performance plans and layoffs. But now that things are going more task-based, we will at least have the data to demonstrate why someone being full or part-time in the office is necessary for their employment to continue, whereas there's no need for their colleague to ever come in."
"Exactly. I was given tasks x, y and z to do. Did I finish them on time and with expected quality?  You don't have to micromanage every moment to know either, just period spot checks will eventually reveal troubles."
"That won't stop them from doing it more. 

In addition, I started hearing rumblings during the pandemic of ""all this working from home means we don't have to keep hiring in high COL areas and paying high COL area wages"" as well.

""Welcome to Microsoft! Can't afford to live in Redmond on the salary we're offering you? Move to <Methtown, USA>!"""
"> American Christian Capitalism

The very 'christians' who ignore all the demands to show kindness and charity to foreigners so they can worship at the altar of money.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZ2L-R8NgrA"
I wish more people saw that this is the game being played. They do RTO to avoid bad press of layoffs and keep their shareholders happy
Yeah. People got severance and job support. Stuff you don't get if you quit because of an RTO mandate.
"I would gladly directly pay the company my personal share of the tax break to work from home.  It's f'd up that I feel so strongly about working at home, but I'd rather just hand the money over than lose it on gas, commute, time, wear and tear on my car, and having to take showers more than once a week.

I bet the actual amount they save per employee is less than $1000.  Which is messed up because they are demanding that employees lose $10,000/year or more in order to profit by only $1000."
"If I had to guess, their economic development incentives included a provision for headcount that included salaried office positions. With people not working in office, those heads canÉ??t be counted to the Nashville location."
"or they set you up on a PIP and then blame lack of communication and require a return to office to ""Fix"" the problem"
"Yup. People forget ""right to work"" works both ways: both the employee _and_ the employer can choose to terminate the employment at any time for any (legal) reason.

Just like how an employee can choose to quit if a company reneges on whatever WFH promise, so can a company choose to fire someone for choosing not to RTO"
contract? what? the vast majority of workers in the US aren't contractors.
"IÉ??m sure thereÉ??s always positions available in some form. 

Man they had one open up in a previously unstaffed area in Helene Montana and were offering relocation costs and I thought about it so hard"
"It's usually more of a long term thing: when middle management splits off into multiple tiers of middle management and/or each department has its own middle management staff that hardly ever knows what other departments are up to, it becomes a complete clusterfuck."
"Yeah, some subs will use karma to weed out bots, so bots will try farm karma before they start spamming."
Buybacks should definitely be illegal (like they used to be)! Just was trying to emphasize they ways companies are screwing over workers and concentrating money in investorsÉ?? pockets
"But what about the kickbacks from your friends who own the real estate being rented for the office space?

*Won't anyone think about the kickbacks?!?*"
"There's probably more of a need for middle management in a WFH scenario.

It's just that they now have to judge people on work quality and output rather than just whether or not someone looks to be busy."
"> The 9-5 cycle just doesn't work for some people

It was an artificial imposition created for when people would flip the lights on at the start of the day, then flip them off at the end of the day and expect all the work to be done exclusively between those times. Turns out that isn't quite the case and isn't as compatible with the 24/7 world developed societies are turning into."
Also rank adhd here. I do my best work/creation/down and dirty problem solving when no one is bothering me. If I have colleagues coming to chat or ask me shit I get sidetracked. To actually focus I need to be undisturbed. Alone. With headphones and no one fucking my flow. So it is after hours at the office or at home w no one around. Also for large projects I do mental maps that literally involve piles of ideas on the floor so I feel moderately uncomfortable when my colleagues witness that.
I do it at my office all the time. I get up and go for 15 minute walks about every 2 hours
Spotify uses the same pay scales for all US employeesÉ??pay scales differ by role of course but not by city/state. So not a factor in the WFH decision.
Wonder how much is being able to take breaks whenever you need and how much is just not having to commute.
Don't worry. Bosses have found a way to keep all the blame on you. It's happened to me before. I obeyed without question and when I said I was following orders they said it's my fault for not questioning them and gave me a partial meets.
"While I am a proponent of in-office for collaboration etc etc, people like you should just be fired instead of forcing responsible people into the office"
"I have ADHD and my experience is the opposite.

Offices are almost always shared so they are full of distracting noises, especially when they have open plan meeting spaces as well.  Plus there's all the distracting conversations people have and the walk-up interruptions.  It makes it hard to get into a focussed working groove and so easy to get knocked out of it.

I'm so much more productive at home.  I can have music on which helps me work.  I have a much better computer setup with multiple monitors.  It means all meetings are online, so I can screen record them, so if I zone out and miss what's said, I can just go back to it later and I don't need to be constantly making notes.  

WFH is light-years better."
"Same. I even enjoy a commute. I think its two things for me. 

I spend basically every second of free time relaxing at my computer. Overall I have spent decades relaxing at my computer. And my computer is tailored to my tastes. I have my chosen monitors, my chosen mouse, my chosen keyboard. And I could setup a different zone for work but then it becomes a catch 22 of my work zone not being my preferred spot.

As far as a commute goes. I spend way too much time in front of a computer and am physically disabled so driving from A->B is one of the few things I can do to get out and decompress."
"Honestly man you're an adult. I have ADHD too. If you can't get your job done due to your ADHD you need to speak to your disability department so they can help you manage, like an adult does. Playing video games and not meeting your metrics is not okay, you can't blame WFH."
"It really is a spectrum, huh? For me the office is way more distracting. Other people being there, all the noises they make, people coming in and out of the room. I do a variety of things to keep my hands busy when IÉ??m working and I felt like my bosses hated it so much. I had one that wouldnÉ??t let me do sudoku or crochet or anything like that, for no reason other than her not liking it and not understanding that it helped me not annoy my coworkers."
"How is that a bad thing? If there's a fewer reasons to live in a HCOL area, fewer people will live in the HCOL, lowering the overall COL for everyone that must live there.

Meanwhile, in Methtown, new residents with stable and well paid jobs demand better schools, better infrastructure, small cafes, resturants, and bars to go out to, solutions to the meth problem. Before long Methtown becomes the next Austin."
"> They do RTO to avoid bad press of layoffs and keep their shareholders happy

That cynical business strategy will continue to be used as long as the investment > overexpansion > shrink workforce > investment strategy is treated as good rather than sabotaging the future for the present fiscal year."
My company is doing this tooÉ?? I wonder how is this  not corruption of markets integrity? The value of these expensive prime office locations is decreasing and would decrease even more but companies are playing these payroll schemes to prevent the government clawbacks.
"If you're ever on a PIP, start looking for a new job, because they are actively planning on firing you."
"Everyone signs an employment contract. Or at least should.

I've had to for any job official enough to give me tax forms. Basically just a document, usually a few pages. Outlines stuff like pay, how much vacation, probationary periods, notice periods, working location, hours. Sometimes it might or might not have things like security agreements and ip policies, but often that's a seperate document.

Basically all the big company policies and stuff."
"Having a contract doesnÉ??t necessarily make you a contractor. Call it a legally binding employment agreement, if you prefer."
The offer letter for your job is your employment contract.
You're still signing a contract when getting a job even if you're not classified as a contractor
IÉ??m with you. ItÉ??s bullshit. Wall St and private equity are ruining the economy.
Don't forget the cities that give you tax brakes for locating your office in the city.
"> There's probably more of a need for middle management in a WFH scenario.

Not really. Is work getting done? Great. Is it not? Then the person is the problem unless there was a valid reason"
"Same. My boss tells me I have to stop working outside of work hours at home, but itÉ??s simply impossible for me to get things done in the office. 

I kept a tally the other day during one of my timed focus sessions, in 52 minutes I was interrupted 7 times by people needing things from me or wanting to chat. I had my headphones on but that doesnÉ??t matter. When IÉ??m in my flow and uninterrupted I can get an insane amount of work done. Interrupt me constantly and have me switching between tasks and i just canÉ??t get anywhere and it causes me so much stress because i canÉ??t get my work done. If I had even 1 day work from home per week IÉ??d be 100% on top of everything and excelling it in, but sheÉ??s anti work from home so I just do what I can"
"Yes! Are you me?? I also hunch over my laptop like a gremlin and change sitting/laying positions when in deep work mode. Not super office appropriate. My back wouldnÉ??t be able to handle the good, upright posture all day ????"
"I worked at a finance company and they assumed you weren't working of you weren't in front of your monitors. I know people still working there making 20k+ less than they would on the market. ""But free lunch"""
"That example isn't what the person you're replying to is saying. 

You're just taking normal 15 minute breaks."
"Yeah pay shouldn't be based on location that's just fucking weird.

If your company pays you less because you live in a cheaper cost of living, you should find another job"
"You're missing the point kind of...  that standard pay rate if it's good enough to be competitive in NYC or San Fran, will be amazing just about anywhere else, so now the brilliant kid doesn't need to leave Smallsville, NM.  The competitor offers the same pay, but in the Bay Area only.  Who is the guy from NM going to work for?  I'd wager 90% would choose the remote option."
Not having the sense that you're always being observed ala Panopticon surely reduces anxiety and stress
Oh I know that but they frequently try to use them to deny unemployment benefits you would get from a regular firing. That's all I was saying
"And typically contains language that says employment is at will. Even if they put it ""in writing"" that your role is remote/hybrid, they can just say that role is no longer available. You can accept an in-person role or be terminated."
"Don't think we have those in Sweden, it varies a bit, but not too much, so it's really not worth trying to drag companies to a smaller town just because."
"But what is the work?

Software engineering isn't just checking off tickets. If that's all you're doing, then you're a code monkey.

A good software engineer should also figure out what work needs to be done. In Meta's words, a senior (ie 5+ years of experience) should ""create scope for yourself and others in the team. You are driving technical alignment and collaboration across functions and teams."""
I agree but this is actually pretty common for tech companies. Spotify is different.
"It's a ""regular firing"" with or without a PIP. The purpose of a PIP is to create a paper trail in case you sue them later alleging they fired you for some illegal reason."
Nobody hates Nintendo fans as much as Nintendo does.
Question is this not DMCA abuse?
Nintendo is out of hand. People show emulated classics all the time. ItÉ??s not like all Nintendo hardware is readily available. Some games are almost impossible to get a hold of and emulating is the only way to review or showcase them. Screw Nintendo.
The Disney of the gaming industry
"Nintendo has this so backwards.  I have discovered many games from
YouTube I would have otherwise not known about or be interested in until I saw it in action.  ItÉ??s free advertising.  Restricting this only sours your fan base and eliminates that exposure."
Nintendo is sitting on a gold mine if they ever make their back catalogue available for digital download on the switch
"Go fuck yourself, Nintendo."
"They have 8 year old switch games still for sale for $60, never feel bad for Nintendo."
"I'm a Nintendo fan, I'm 32yo and I have owned almost every single console, bought a hefty amount of games for all of them, and I still emulate them. 

First of all, if I can carry only one device that can play all of my library why wouldn't I do it? 

Nintendo doesn't allow to play their own games on the current gen, ok is understandable, they want to sell the new ones, but if you don't give me an official way to play older games what am I supposed to do? If you stopped selling these games two decades ago, where are you losing money? 

I can't agree with these practices, that could get entire YT channels wiped out just because they have a hard on suing people."
"There really needs to be a law similar to books where things become public domain. When it comes to digital entertainment, it really needs to be somewhere between 10-20 years.

Once you own a game, you really should have the right to play it on device that you want."
"If you ever feel guilty about sailing for nintendo content, dont. They are vermin"
"This makes me want to emulate harder. 

I literally bust out my old Wii this past weekend because of the awesome emulation machine it can be.  IÉ??m just waiting on the HDMI converter because only my wifeÉ??s small old TV has the RCA connections. 

Yeah I have a desktop and shit but being able to fire up the little machine and play on the TV will be nice."
"Illegal in the US btw, as emulation was ruled 100% legal by the Supreme Court long ago. This is blatant misuse of DMCA yet again."
"Nintendo wants games to be only a generation-bound experience. For games to only exist in the decade and sell them again for 60 bucks, 10 or 20 years later.

Pirating nintendo games is morally correct. Always."
"There's an amusing contrast between the incredibly kind and wholesome image presented in their flagship titles like Mario and Zelda, with the way the company behaves in the real world. Balance in all things I suppose."
"Nintendo didnÉ??t give a flying fuck about their retro games for from 1980 to 2007. If it wasnÉ??t for emulation, Nintendo Switch Online wouldnÉ??t exist. 

TheyÉ??ve disrespected the purchases of their games by locking them to existing platforms, theyÉ??ve given us poor emulation thatÉ??s trumped by open source software, theyÉ??ve used the community and abused them. 

Emulation in the United States is perfectly legal, so long as it doesnÉ??t use proprietary technologies like a hardware bios or copies of licensed software from physical media that was not purchased by the user. 

Games from 20 years ago, 30, 40 years ago, are abandoned and largely forgotten. You cannot buy a Super Nintendo in 2024. I think playing a copy of Super Metroid on an emulator is perfectly morally justified. That gameÉ??s time to make money was 30 years ago. They need to focus on new technology, new games, new products. Not this stuff they abandoned for 20+ years."
Imagine if they put all this time and effort into making good games
/r/fucknintendo
"This company is genuinely so shit. The way they copyright striked streamers playing their games makes no sense, not to mention their hatred of the Smash community. They really hate their fans with a passion."
"Nintendo: we donÉ??t do ai in our games

Also Nintendo: we go after people who emulate our games on YouTube"
[deleted]
"and this is why I will continue to Pirate from them, thanks for the new Zelda game for free Nintendo"
"They arenÉ??t even selling the games anymore that are emulated. 
I would love to play Pokemon emerald on my switch but they just donÉ??t wanna sell it"
"I love Nintendo's game and consoles, but really really really hate them as a company"
Of course they would.. they will go after me next when I dream about zelda hentai in my sleep at 2am and then get sued for patents like breathing oxygen
"One thing that I think is behind a lot of emulation of modern Nintendo hardware (which is their real concern) is that modern Nintendo hardware is so incredibly bad. 

Some people just want to enjoy Tears of the Kingdom in 4K60. Nintendo wonÉ??t sell you that at any price. The Switch 2 wonÉ??t do it. So they, likely Switch owners, emulate the games.

Nintendo doing this wonÉ??t sell more games as these people still wonÉ??t spend more because of it."
"I don't even remember what they did the last time they really pissed me off, but I already made a promise to myself that I would only emulate and pirate Nintendo products going forward for me or my extended family. Over 6 years strong and I've given thousands to other companies, but not a cent to Nintendo.


They are the only company that I specifically do this for because of the way they have acted historically. Screw them all to hell"
"Nintendo. We canÉ??t even emulate OUR games correctly. 
Oh, you can? Then, FUCK YOU, pay me."
"Nintendo DOES NOT care about fans, you are their CONSUMERS"
I wasnÉ??t as much before. But now IÉ??m going to emulate games even more. Scumbag Nintendo.
Emulating a game? You mean testing my DMCA allowed backup copy?
"It's crazy how Nintendo use to be so loved and such a CORE part of video games and now their only purpose is to advertise Pokemon, scrape the bottom of the mario barrel and aggressively attack consumers, and all they have to show for it are several remasters and 2 legend of zelda games.

Switch 2 needs to take strides or Nintendo is gonna go under imo, especially with actions like this and nothing to make up for it."
"Fuck Nintendo. Im gonna go download the entire n64, gc, and wii library just to spite them now."
Show the same level of disgust for Nintendo as you do Sony folks. Nintendo are fucking useless.
Why donÉ??t they make it easier to play old games on newer devices so people donÉ??t need to emulate them!!
Just subbed to Retro Game Corps. Fuck Nintendo
This is the company that tried to prevent Blockbuster from renting NES and SNES games to force gamers to buy their low quality shit.
I wonÉ??t give them any money outside of the switch purchase. Shit going to just sell that and emulate all the switch games with yuzi. Fuck Nintendo
Nintendo could just release their old games on other platforms if they are worried about losing money.
"This is what happens when emulation becomes too mainstream. I love Retro Game Corps and emulation, for what it's worth, but we have to understand that it is walking a thin line ethically and legally.

Emulation has avoided negative attention for decades now, I had emulators on my PSP and nobody ever cared. Channels now are showing off footage from current gen consoles and that is just asking for trouble.

Emulation IS technically legal, but let's not kid ourselves here, the vast majority of people emulating are also pirating, that's just a fact of life. That's why you have to tread lightly and not bring attention to yourself on this stuff if you don't want to face legal action.

Nintendo just gets all the flak for it because they are the most popular company that makes exclusive games and gets emulated the most, by a fucking mile."
"So, I read the article.


I think Nintendo just went after them because they showed their games on an emulator console. They're not going after him for playing an emulated game on stream, they went after for showing their games on a third party emulated console, which I assume Nintendo would feel is a threat to the Switch.


Not saying it makes them better or worse, but I think there's a distinction that needs to be made when criticizing them. It's not for emulating through a PC app, it's for showing the game on a third party?ˇconsole."
RIP SNESDrunk
"If Nintendo could make all of their older and newer games and consoles explode killing millions they would, because then everyone would have to buy everything again."
ItÉ??ll never happen but I would love for something like this to backfire and cause Nintendo to get absolutely fucked legally. They deserve it.
"Instead of paying all these lawyers for going after emulators. Why don't they just give people what they want and have permanent digital downloads for all the old games people want. They'd make money, fans get games they want, and it's a win win."
Nintendo is going after roms too ???õ
"""We don't want to compete in the game wars""


*Nintendo goes to war with games for 40 years.*"
"I truly hope this backfires and Streisand effects so hard they actually have to put out a fairly priced, competitive product to try to get people to stop pulling their switch online subscriptions."
Why is Nintendo so dumb
They really are Video Game Disney
Can we just collectively stop buying anything Nintendo?
Sucks that it's happening to Russ too. His channel has always been a no-drama class act.
Stuff like this is why I don't have any issues with someone pirating Nintendo stuff
??è?É?çÉ?ˇã?è??è?É?çÉ?ˇã?è??è?É?çÉ?ˇã?è??è?É?çÉ?ˇã?è??è?É?çÉ?ˇã?è??è?É?çÉ?ˇã?è
Fuck Nintendo
Nintendo needs to chill the fuck out
Just incase anyone needed their monthly reminder that it is morally correct to pirate anything that makes Nintendo money.
Fuck Nintendo
They ignored their own games for decades while amassing tons of fans that were exposed to their old titles through emulation and this is how they behave?
Only way Nintendo will know if the game is emulated is it runs well lol
That's not going to fly in the US. It's not illegal to record someone playing on an emulator and Nintendo can't copywrite someone else's gameplay.
Basic googling tells me that Pokemon patent starts to expire in 2028. I hope some good devs make some vile shit with that.
"They release subpar hardware, they release subpar games, they shutdown anything fan made, they try to shutdown something similar to their IP that got much more popular because Nintendo is not capable of making this...

Can somebody explain to me, why do people still like them?"
I was just thinking yesterday NintendoÉ??s been okay lately maybe they arenÉ??t such a bad company maybe itÉ??s time I bought a switch.  Never mind.
Why wonÉ??t google protect the rights of its users lmao I couldnÉ??t say that with a straight face hahaha
I really wish people just stopped buying their products.
"If you don't want people using emulators, sell the game so they can play it properly. 

What I see is Nintendo trying to shut down or take over the game competition/speed running circuits because they realize how much money they can make there. They see the Twitch bank accounts and are salivating."
This definitely wont backfire by shredding huge portions of the nintendo YT community
"The last Nintendo product I bought was the Wii in 2006. As long as they continue to engage in their abusive behavior, I won't be purchasing anything from them."
"You can pirate Nintendo games

*É?õ~it's always morally correct ~É?õ*"
Nintendo is a shit company. They're lucky they're in Japan or they would have been replaced in the market already. Only Japan's insane IP laws allow them to thrive.
"Remember people, when Nintendo released classic games on the Wii it was quickly discovered that they had just uploaded rom hacks from the web and never credited the individuals."
"I hope youtubers just stop making Nintendo content. Nintendo treats their fans like shit for posting free marketing for them, that marketing should just stop so they're left with no exposure and thus no relevance."
"Every time I pirate Nintendo games, I slept soundly that night."
Nintendo is welcome to host their entire NES / SNES online for a certain fee I'd pay. The selection you get with the account is awful so the kids and I use emulators. ???˙É?çÉ??ã?è
Did everyone forget about Nintendo trying to takedown gameplays of video games??ˇ Yeah people is stupid of course they did
This just seems like an unbelievably stupid move. TheyÉ??re being extremely aggressive going after people giving them free advertising and building a lot of brand value.
"Still making a lot of money on those 30 year old SNES games, huh?"
"I've been saying it for years now: Nintendo is the Disney of video games. They make a banger every now and again, and then spend the rest of the time giving us even more reasons to hate them."
Nintendo used to be my favorite console but I haven't supported them in a decade now.    The steam deck has stolen my heart lol .
Late stage Nintendo getting a bit fucking litigious bro.
ThatÉ??s ridiculous. Nintendo could be the worldÉ??s best game company but they seem to be run by morons.
Nintendo really likes ensuring I no longer support them as a company or their products in any way.
They're becoming Disney of Japan.
"Really not surprising. In the early days of Youtube when ""Let's Plays"" were all the rage, Nintendo tried to take money away from the content creators because they were using their IP. That's around the time that I kinda started to despise Nintendo."
I pirate Nintendo games and I'm proud to say it. Fuck them
"They have to realize somewhere in all this that this'll just push more people to piracy, not just of their retro stuff but newer and newer games as people get fed up with their practices."
Lol they are fighting a losing battle.  I can appreciate their determination though.
Nintendo is the absolute worst.
Those fuckers should stop wasting money and time on this and make their older games available on their newer consoles if they donÉ??t want us to play emulated Nintendo games
Nintendo sued Palworld. I loved playing it.
This didn't work out well for Metallica or George Lucas.
Nintendo sinking years of goodwill speedrun any%
Boycott time!
"Nintendo's relentless pursuit of takedowns and lawsuits against average fans is pretty much Japan in miniature. Cutesy and wholesome on the outside, cutthroat corporate capitalism behind the curtain."
"This is the part where I say, ppl that have support Nintendo need to re-think their patronage.

I'd rather support devs and publishers that are cool with emulation and/or backing up their stuff."
"I'm about to just drop Nintendo completely, ugh."
This is a really good way to get me to emulate their games harder. I'm already starting a Switch catalog.
Nintendo continuously reminds me why I chose to never give them money again
Nintendo needs to calm their tits and realise people enjoy playing their old titles which can only be emulated in some cases since they arent being sold any longer.
Bruh how anyone can support a single thing these ppl do
"And people keep giving Nintendo moneyÉ??

Better yet, those same people will go after people like me because of making that observation."
They really looking to lose market share this quarter with stupid legal actions huh?
"This is a believably dumb move for Nintendo to make. Not in a way that hurts their fans, though it definitely does, but in a way that hurts their bottom line directly.

Nintendo, you are so dumb. I just cannot believe you pay money to people that make these decisions."
"IÉ??m not sure if this is actually legal what Nintendo is doing.

The emulators themselves arenÉ??t illegal, but rather the ROMs that are loaded on to the emulators, but Nintendo would need proof if the ROMs themselves were downloaded illegally and not ripped straight from the Cartridge/CD/DVD. ItÉ??s the same reason why ripping music CDs onto your phone/MP3 player is not illegal.

With that being said though, Nintendo is fighting a war that they cannot win, considering there is estimated to be 87% of all video games ever made that can no longer be purchased from the original publishers and developers, with only used copies being the only way to legitimately play them, presuming if you can get the hardware and software to work and connected to your TV, considering a lot of television sets have started removing a lot of the analog inputs meaning thereÉ??s only HDMI left, which means you have to use upscalers which can cause noticeable amount of input lag.

Not to mention, not everyone has the room to store an entire game library physically where they live."
"Everybody wish their legal team a very bad day, and a very bad fuck you."
I'm glad tears of the kingdom will be the last Nintendo product I'll buy full price.?ˇ
Nintendo really just is JapanÉ??s version of Disney. Change my mind
Nintendo is weaponizing the intellectual property protection mechanism to infringe on customers and the public rights to share ideas and educate others.
Fuck Nintendo. Abuse of the copyright system violates YouTube's ToS and is illegal.
nintendo is such a piece of shit.
"""The easiest way to stop piracy is not by putting antipiracy technology to work. It's by giving those people a service that's better than what they're receiving from the pirates."" - Gabe Newell

Nintendo is so fucking backwards on so many issues, but piracy and their approach to online content creation are the most atrocious.

How to fix the problem and make Nintendo a metric fuckton of money.

1. Hire a dedicated team at Nintendo whose sole full time job is to port classic Nintendo games to Nintendo Switch and Switch 2, and PC, so they run natively and beautifully, and fully support cloud saves. Any first party game older than 10 years should be ported and made readily available. 

2. Sell the games a la carte on Nintendo eShop and Steam and offer variable pricing. Gameboy and NES $2 to $5 a game, SNES, GBC and GBA $5 to $10 a game, N64 and DS $10 to $15 a game, GC, Wii, and 3DS $15 to $25 a game. You own the games forever on Steam, and you will continue to own them forever as each new generation of Nintendo console comes out.

3. Continue to offer a massive catalog of classic games as an incentive to subscribe to Nintendo Switch Online, and keep that subscription service exclusive to Nintendo systems.

4. Realize that content creators not only showcase your old products to people who might not be familliar with them, but even for new games, its free fucking advertising and more often than not, makes people more likely to buy your products. So let them do reviews, comedy bits, and lets' play videos featuring your games, and let them monetize them because you can't buy that level of publicity. 

5. For PC, actively encourage and support the modding scene for your old games, and fan creation projects. Only take legal action against mods and fan content that are making a financial gain, or representing your IP in a poor light (like a nude mod for Princess Peach etc).

  
6. Super Smash Bros. Ultimate is the best selling, most popular, and most loved fighting game of all time. Its also the world's greatest advertisment for ALL OF YOUR OTHER GAMES. Actively support and encourage the tournament scene and/or organize your own."
"""Nintendo staff personally executing people for mentioning Nintendo and emulation in the same sentence. Oh god no, I just did! PLEASE NO, I HAVE A FAMIL-"""
You know what. I'm emulating more Nintendo titles tonight just because of this.
They Nintendid it again
God I fucking hate nintendo
Nintendo sucks
Nintendo lost the plot.  One of my favorite game reviewers got all his Nintendo videos demonetized.  I bought tears of the kingdom because he praised it and showcased gameplay.
"See hereÉ??s the thing that music companies are going to find out about sooner rather than later. 

Content creator uses an older popular song in their video. They get demonetized or have to take the video down. That video potentially would introduce a new listener to older song and therefore create a new fan or younger consumer. Instead only people who grew up with that music will remember it, the. Die in a few years. It goes as far as music oriented channels like guitar and gear review channels canÉ??t play riffs from classic songs without getting a strike. The songs die with the generation that originally listened to them. 

Now letÉ??s look at games. Specifically emulated games. You donÉ??t sell the game anymore. People canÉ??t buy physical copies without paying the nostalgia tax or finding the actual systems and peripherals. You have the technology, the library and the means to release all the emulated games but you wonÉ??t. So that leads us to do what? Once the gamers that remember your games are gone, then what? They should be grateful anyone is showing off their old games at all. Showing they can still be fun."
"This sucks a lot, but regardless of the outrage, nothing will change. Too many people say, ""Nintendo is terrible. They should stop and listen to us, "" then proceed to buy the next game or product they release."
Genuinely fuck Nintendo
"Hi everyone, this is Russ (the guy behind the channel in this article).  I appreciate the support and encouragement; going forward I am simply omitting Nintendo IP from all of my footage and testing, which is unfortunate but necessary."
I literally hate Nintendo. They are anti gamer and anti game preservation
"The problem is that YouTube just gives claimants the benefit of the doubt. Given due process, these videos would be considered fair use under the current definition. YouTube assumes that Nintendo is operating in good faith and just blocks or demonetizes the video without any procedure for remedy to the content creator after the fact."
Nintendo isnt much of a game company anymore. Feel like they only make like 3-4 franchises over and over then just sues everybody children and devs alike to make their money. Would be nice if their head hanchos died of heart attacks so someone more in touch could take the reins.
These fucking litigious losers need to be spanked by stronger regulations. There is literally nothing illegal happening if you own a copy of the software youÉ??re emulating.
"So, they won't re release games on current hardware, take them off their virtual stores, making people HAVE to resort to emulation and they're mad? What the fuck are they expecting? If they despise emulation so much, re release stuff."
Oh this is just ridiculous now.
"Then give me wind waker on the switch.

Seriously, where the hell is that port? We've gotten everything else from the wii U, just give me my favorite Zelda game ""legally"" on portable."
I was pissed when I saw Russ from Retro Game Corps got two copyright strikes this last week or so. He's a genuinely good dude and busts his ass to put out content. YouTube needs to change the way the DMCA claims work on a holistic level. It shouldn't always be the big company is always in the right. The big sell of the DMCA was to protect small creators not have it be weaponized against them.
"Why do Nintendo fans put up with this shit? I'm sure their games are a lot of fun, but they clearly don't want you talking about them, or even playing them, so why bother risking your life getting ruined over Pokemon or Zelda?"
"Fair use, mother fuckers. Your intellectual property doesn't override the bill of rights."
Copyright needs to expire faster to force companies like Nintendo and Disney to innovate and compete.
My kids used to watch people playing modded Mario odyssey. Nintendo isnÉ??t doing the smart thing here É?? thatÉ??s free advertising they were getting
sailing the seas for Nintendo things is always the right thing to do. one of the most fucked up companies in the gaming space
"I wish theyÉ??d put all this money and effort into making a really great, modern console"
I had an Wii U emulator on an old pc I ended destroying and sending to the ewaste dump. I like to think thereÉ??s a Nintendo lawyer searching through shit trying to find my hdd with a trace of the emulator on it :É??)
"They attacked LTT over this. Granted, the channel stupidly showed *how* to jailbreak the system, and how to use ROMs on other systems, but Nintendo was basically able to have the video taken down immediately."
It blows my mind how much Nintendo hates free advertising.
"So many people have memories of Nintendo as a kid, playing mario ext, but nintendo give no shits about there fans.  So many people pirate there stuff because you cant even play half there games unless you buy the old systems and pay a shit load of money for a old game cartridge you want.

Nintendo have a subscription pass on switch, yet it has like 5% of there collection.  I still have no idea wtf there thinking, they could print even more money if they just put so many of those games up on a sub. They released that nintendo mini and never really supported it, it was the perfect console to stop the need to pirate there stuff."
"Hope Nintendo get slapped with a big fine. Not only is what they're doing asshole behaviour, but both emulating games and posting footage to Youtube is fully legal in many countries."
"Oh geez, good luck. YouTube will take a hit if Nintendo manages to pick ALL it's stuff off, creators will likely protest and I'd support it."
"lol, This is not news. Go listen to Its Super Effective podcast from 2 years ago. ItÉ??s been well known for a LONG time Nintendo doesnÉ??t like this and if they feel frisky they will get any emulated content removed."
If you own the game is not completely legal to emulate it?
So fucking lame.
"Wow, down low. Are they bankrupt or something? This is so fcking greedy"
There is nothing that upsets Japanese IP owners more than people becoming aware of their content.
"Currently playing Ocarina of Time emulated on my computer, suck a wang Nintendo."
Why do we even bother with Nintendo anymore? We just need to stop giving them money until they learn who is in charge
"the people behind this at nintendo should get thrown in prison.

they are disgusting. they are art burners!

remember a lot of those cases of emulation are the ONLY feasible way to play games at this point.

a bunch of games also only ever released on nintendo online stores, which nintendo is closing...

so you (based on my understanding) couldn't even throw money at nintendo to try to play the old games you wanna play.

nintendo are again evil art destroyers and for attack art preservationists they are SCUM and those responsible shout rot in prison."
"Nintendo, instead of staffing up law firms and copyright investigators, why donÉ??t you try to produce a first party title more often than once per presidential administration?"
"Fuck you Nintendo!

I just hope that people will now buy and recommend only Steam Deck to their friends!

And distribute whatever source code, forks, builds, ROMs they have, everywhere!

Fuck greedy companies!"
"I could afford a switch and the few Nintendo games I want to play, but I'd rather go through the hassle of having a working emulator and pirate games rather than give money to Nintendo. I hate their crap."
Fuck Nintendo
"well emulation is legal in most countries as long as you own the original, or the game is complete abandonware. so google should not allow It"
Rip all the  classic game channels and speedrunners lol
Greediest company. Never releases their games to other platforms just to sell their overpriced Switch and even more overpriced games through its exclusive store.
"Nintendo purchased and then deleted numerous Reddit accounts who posted identical ""Just had to treat myself"" coordinated photos at the launch of the Switch"
I'm gonna emulate even harder now
The spirit of *true* Nintendo died with Iwata
Actions like this are why I will never understand the absolute zealotry of Nintendo fans. This company is not your friend.
"People: ""Fuck nintendo!"" 

Also people: -foaming out the mouth as soon as the Switch 2 drops- ""I NEEEEEEEEED ITTTT"" 

We collectively agree that Nintendo is an absolutely shit company. We need to come to a full stop and start rejecting them entirely because of these practices."
"But emulation is legal, like 100% legal"
"And yet another reason i wont support Nintendo anymore. They hate their customers and i'm not sure why. The Switch Version 1 is the last Nintendo product i will ever buy. Nintendo went from my favorite system and the only one i really wanted to buy the next gen of. 

The emulation community is such a tight nit community of people who ABSOLUTELY ADORE NINTENDO. Why they aim on constantly screwing over those fans is beyond me."
"Thats it, I will only pirate nintendo stuff."
When I'm in a hate my customers competition and my opponent is Nintendo
"Glad their switch games get leaked early, itÉ??s deserved <3"
If Nintendo weren't so shit at emulating their own games this would be less concerning but MAN they suck compared to what the community can do
"Seriously... 

It's been  a solid decade since I liked corporate Nintendo....

They are so fucked up"
"WhatÉ??s crazy to me about this is that they sponsor YouTubers/Twitch streamers like Jaden Animations and Alpharad who do emulated nuzlocks and such, but theyÉ??re simultaneously going to go after accounts that do this? Seems like their arguments wouldnÉ??t hold up well in court since they support and donÉ??t support the thing theyÉ??re litigating."
"They really like to keep themselves stuck inside their own little bubble world. Sucks too, there are a lot of good Nintendo games.

Nintendo is like that kid at daycare that hoards his toys and sits in the corner away from the rest of the kids."
I think I'll go download a few more ROMs for games you cant find anywhere for no functional reason just because I saw this headline. Fuck them.
Their going after Vimm was way over the line for me. I've started hoarding ROMs because I'll be damned if I have to dig for one if I have a hankering for some ancient abandonware that no one but me has thought about in 30 years.
And nobody hates Nintendo as much as Nintendo fans.
"They should be implemented all crazy mods that fans are making. Obviously there's demand for it. They're leaving money on the table. If they dropped a Breath of the Wild Randomizer right now, they'd be swimming in cash. I only played Tears of the Kingdom for a few months because it was kind of a let down how samey it was to BOTW, but if that had a hard mode DLC or some other sort of challenge mode, I'd buy it in a second. I'd love to be able to get more life out of purchases I've already made.

They don't ever need to make another Mario Kart. MK8 is perfect, but they should be dropping new tracks for it every month until the end of time."
On the Mig Switch video (which is still available on Odysee) Russ shows his collection of 100+ physical games and talks about dumping his own games to more easily play on Switch. Hard to find bigger Nintendo fans than he is.
"And nobody hates Nintendo as much as Nintendo fans. We do be livin' in a society, huh."
"Yes it is. They couldnÉ??t take down his video about the MIG Switch, they struck it based on him displaying the title screen of Super Mario 3D World. They wanted the video gone and found a way to do it.

I feel for Russ, theyÉ??ll kill his channel. ItÉ??s bullying and abusive from a giant corp and its abusing the YouTube copyright strike system to suppress him. His channel is fantastic and in no way tells anyone how to pirate, nor does he even encourage piracy specifically."
"Yes, but it doesnÉ??t matter because nobody can afford to fight NintendoÉ??s lawyers even if theyÉ??re 100% in the right. See: their long history of fucking over the Smash e-sports community and striking down free fan projects/mods.

Great system we have!"
Because Japan has idiotic laws against fair use
How? Fair use provisions are far less broad even in the US than people think. Game streams aren't legal usage of copyright materials except by the good grace of copyright holders who tolerate it because it's generally better marketing than the public goodwill it would cost them.
"That limited edition, shitty emulation release of Mario games a little while back is perfect example of that.


I never played the Mario galaxy games and would love to on my switch. Well fuck off get this bundle which only gives galaxy 1 plus two shitty emulations of 64 and sunshine for full new game price oh wait now you can't.?ˇ"
"And emulation is not in itself necessarily illegal. If you create your own ROM from a legally owned copy of the game and don't distribute it, you're not breaking any specific laws.

Nobody actually does this, but Nintendo doesn't psychically know for sure that this guy didn't."
"> ItÉ??s not like all Nintendo hardware is readily available.

It also sucks. Their newest console is 7 years old and emulated games run considerably better than on that console."
"Given the number of crossover IP's and the sense of nostalgia in today's wallet holders, I wouldn't be surprised if they plan the next handheld to be able to play all classic games as a re-release. Growth dictates that they re monetize the 8, 16, and 32 bit libraries in their original forms. Emulation is great but it's not perfect. But yeah, stop fucking your fanbase Nintendo."
"> Some games are almost impossible to get a hold of and emulating is the only way to review or showcase them. 

It's also the only way that many titles are playable for disabled players. Nintendo is at least 10 years behind other platform/game developers (ironic, considering how ""family friendly"" they are). None of their consoles have even had a screen-reader, for example. 

Emulators with mods are why blind players can play pokemon, why players with mobility impairments can play Zelda, etc. Nintendo certainly wouldn't build in those settings."
All these excuses and itÉ??s people emulating the latest game for free.
"Nintendo going after this creator's video is more about the devices he is showcasing, being these 3rd party emulation devices that come with games on them that are not sourced legally. It's not about them playing the games."
"Yep, that's really the best way to describe it lol

Nintendo are such sue-happy babies"
"They got a dude arrested for selling hacked save data in BOTW.

https://soranews24.com/2021/07/10/zelda-hacker-arrested-by-police-in-japan-for-selling-modified-breath-of-the-wild-save-data/"
"They're worse than Disney- Disney is at least smart enough to let people talk positively and gush over their products, Nintendo is like LOOL FUCK YOU"
Disney paved the way for this when they successfully lobbied for basically indefinite copyright.
"What's next, they shut down all Twitch streams showing Nintendo games?"
"People will continue to buy Nintendo products no matter what. 

They own a piece of people's childhood and nostalgia, and most people don't spend any amount of effort paying attention to how shitty the companies they support are.
Missing out on the next mediocre pokemon game is just too heavy of a burden to bear to admit that their favorite game company might be shitty anti-consumer trash. After all *they* haven't been personally affected by their decisions."
"No playing games, only buy!"
"They dont care about Fans nostalgic feelings, you are thier consumers, they want you playing their latest games on their latest consoles"
No they have it correct. YouÉ??re misunderstanding NintendoÉ??s goal. They donÉ??t want to make money. They want to fuck you over. Because they hate you.
Lol Nintendo don't do clever things like that
"The thing is they basically did that on the Wii U and were probably underwhelmed by the sales. Now they're trying to subscription model and they're rolling out games a few at a time to build interest in each game - dumping hundreds of games at a time would probably just be noise and 90% of the games would go unnoticed.

I don't think this model is really working either but I think they're trying to find the sweet spot to leverage the back catalogue the right way."
"They kind of do with the Online Membership, this in a way was thier answer to emulating old games. Why do it when you have this now."
"They already did on Wii, Wii U, and 3DS. The fact that they stopped and pivoted to the NSO model should tell you it's not the gold mine people think it is.?ˇ"
Nintendo doesn't want you to play or buy their old stuff. That's always been true. They only care about whatever is the newest and shiniest.
Rooting for Palworld to clown them in court.
And one of their property sells cardboard cards that can reach up to a thousand bucks when sold to oil baron nostalgic collectors lmao
Smash Bros. Brawl was still $60 the day the Wii shop shut down.
"Just buy a Steam Deck instead, will make Nintendo big mad."
"> I can't agree with these practices

Got it. So you support developers being paid peanuts and studios going bankrupt because of your gamer entitlement. Just admit it and stop making excuses. You're ruining the industry.





I'm joking by the way, but this is how every anti-piracy discussion goes nowadays, lol"
"Copyright applies to all intellectual properties. But copyright lasts for the lifetime of the creator plus another 75 years. So it really doesnÉ??t make much sense for gaming. Although I guess sometime next century people can start making remakes without publishers approval.

ItÉ??s the same for books. Effectively, nothing has naturally joined the public domain since the 1920s because Disney and marvel kept lobbying to extend the duration every time Mickey Mouse was set to expire."
"Honestly, any digital media that can no longer be acquired should lose protection from the law. If there's no way to obtain it anymore, that means the creator has no means of making money off of it anymore."
"> Once you own a game, you really should have the right to play it on device that you want.

I thought you did. I believe the law is, if you own the game, you are allowed to emulate it. You can't donlwnload or share  it legally, but using an emulator is covered under fair use."
"Remember to use a VPN for anything Nintendo! I've heard they are on torrent galaxy and will send emails to your service provider.  3 dollars a month can save you a lot of head ache :) sail the seas my friends, see you out there !"
"Wii U is the best for modding.  It runs Gamecube and Wii games natively, as they use the same OS.  All other games can easily run via emulator.  And you can buy different adapters that connect to the Wii Remote controller and connect N64, GameCube or SNES controllers. Last but not least, you can use an external drive to store all the games, or a SDHC card."
It is always morally correct to pirate Nintendo content.
"> This makes me want to emulate harder.

They also shut down the last mayor Switch emulator today."
The Disney comparison becomes more accurate every day.
Sold my Switch and bought a Steam Deck OLED.  Never going back.  Feels good to give my money to companies who don't treat their consumers and community like shit.
How are those two things related.
Grab a drink!
"Calling their games ""low quality"" is a take, if I've ever seen one. Not saying what they're doing is right, though."
Or they could give us a modern method to play the existing carts/discs we already physically own.
"Nintendo has consistently chosen to make access to their retro library difficult. You bought Earthbound on the Wii? Cool, but now that you upgraded to a Wii U you need to buy it again. Oh, now you have a Switch? Well you have to pay monthly if you want access to play Earthbound, which you have already bought twice.

I'm not buying that shit again. I'm playing it however I want."
"Yeah, emulation is legal, that's all that matters. Piracy may be illegal, but you can't go after emulation because some people are using it alongside piracy. You can't punish people because they might have broken the law, you need actually proof they did...

As the law is today, what Nintendo is doing is literally illegal since it's DMCA abuse, they just happen to have the means to crush anyone financially in court even if what they're doing is illegal."
"It's a little more nuanced than that. The copyright strike happened after he showed off the MiG dumper and MiG switch on his channel (the dumper lets you create roms from your switch games and the switch lets you play those roms on a regular, non-hacked switch). 

Say what you want about the legality of those items, but the annoying part here is that Nintendo knew they couldn't get the video taken down because of those pieces of hardware (backing up your games is legal). So instead they did a DCMA takedown of the video based on showing a few seconds of the title screen of a game. That's pretty absurd considering that it's clearly fair use and tons of people on YouTube show that all of the time without penalty.

So while the MiG devices exist in a questionable legal space at best, Nintendo really seems to be abusing DCMA to get the video taken down since they don't have the legal grounds to take it down for the reason they actually want to (showing how to pirate switch games on original hardware)."
"Context doesn't matter, what Nintendo does here is still wrong and actually illegal, too bad no one has the money to fight these claims in court against a huge company because the copyright and justice system is broken."
"Exactly this. Everyone in this thread didn't read the article and is going off their knee jerk reaction.

The takedown was a video showing off an emulator console not gameplay video.

Still very fucked up but not exactly unreasonable."
"The implication is that these emulator systems will likely be able to emulate Switch 2 games from the jump, and Nintendo is trying to fight that as much as possible before it releases. I'm personally hoping it backfires on them and people become more aware of emulation.

That being said, what Russ was doing was not illegal. The Wii U is no longer being sold, its game store has been shut down, and emulation of it is perfectly legal. If Russ were capable of doing a counter claim and entering into a long term legal fight he'd likely win. But he can't afford to, and so Nintendo can bully him and destroy his channel because they have the money. People don't like it when big companies bully little guys, especially when it targets people like Russ who the community absolutely adores."
"Because they were told to, and then people 10-30 years younger than them told them it was the best thing ever. Rinse and repeat."
"ThereÉ??s a lot of factors at play as to whether or not itÉ??s illegal, the biggest of which is where you live. In the US you canÉ??t circumvent copy protection to make a backup of something, you have to make the backup yourself you canÉ??t use someone elseÉ??s backup, and the emulator has to be engineered without any copyrighted code. Most emulators fit that description, the problem is you need a modded console (copy protection is circumvented to do this) to get the encryption keys and to dump the game. Really, you just shouldnÉ??t care about whether or not itÉ??s legal. Most laws are garbage."
Your understanding is correct 3ds store is closed :(
They aren't going after those channels. As long as you don't make it obvious you are using an emulation console you're fine.
[removed]
I'm 31. Never in my life have i liked corporate anything nor was i expected to. It's people being parasocial to a fucking company that's messing with my head. Some people lives are so shallow the only group they can fit into is consumer to the point where they legitimize whatever by spending on it more than once. That's the real nintendo corefanbase and this shit means nothing to them.
"Unfortunately, corporations are going to corporate. No one should be a fan of any corporation."
"They're always been like this, during the 90's they tried to get the selling of used games banned in Japan, and they also lobbied hard in the US to ban rentals (which were illegal in Japan already).

Their fantastic games and star developers give them a lot of good PR, but on the corporate side they've always been an awfully anti-consumer company."
"> It's been a solid decade since I liked corporate Nintendo....

My first inkling toward actively disliking Nintendo was when they DCMA'd the Another Metroid 2 Remake (AM2R) project. That was around the same time they went on the warpath taking down ROM sites that hosted their first party games.

So yeah, it's been nearly 10 years."
"This is what zero competition looks like. And Sony is headed down that same road. Did you see the price of the ps5 pro? That was a huge ""fuck you"" to the fans but Xbox is on its last leg so why should they care?"
"The last time I liked Nintendo was 3ds time.

I got the switch and I realize how much I dislike it.

Short battery, drifting sticks, hardware barely holds. Have to pay for online.

Hell I tried emulation and tears of the kingdom ran better on my PC than on the switch, and I could remap the controls as I wished. And mods."
Public game companies are mostly shit.
When Iwata died?
"Nintendo has been pulling anticompetitive stuff like this since they first entered the U.S. market in the É??80s. How they do it has changed, but the attitude is more of the same."
"They always sucked, even the NES had region locking and would only run approved games (until people figured out how to bypass it).

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/CIC_(Nintendo)"
You need super special permission to get away with it
"Because the title of the article isn't really nuanced enough. They're going after a user highlighting devices that dump or play pirated games. It's not just someone playing emulated games like many Youtubers and Twitch streamers do on the regular. Their content is about playing the game, not about how to dump and emulate the game."
"The kid at daycare who hoards his toys and only lets people play with them if they act out the exact scenario that he wants them to act out, and if they do ANYTHING out of line, he takes his toys back and tells them they can't play with him anymore."
"They're really not unique in this, all Japanese companies are like this, they're hyper-protective of copyright and don't recognize the copyright laws of all other ""lesser nations."" (Those being countries that aren't glorious Nihon) 

For example, the beloved Studio Ghibli is the reason media rental is illegal in Japan. This is because Hiyao Miyazaki didn't want people making VHS copies of his movies, so they lobbied the National Diet to ban VHS/DVD/Game rental shops from operating in the country. (And then this led Nintendo to try banning them in the US, with full backing from Hiyao) Yeah, Japan hasn't had movie or game rental shops/services since the mid 80's, they're illegal. 

Just for reference, Japanese copyright law is basically ""Do you have permission to use this material from 1 of or all 3 creative parties? No? Then fuck you, jail."""
Same. Just bought a handheld emulation console too. Fuck 'em.
I'm a fan of their game designers. I loathe their management who are firmly stuck in 1997.
"> And nobody hates Nintendo as much as Nintendo fans.

Depends on the thread.

If you're not anywhere near the Smash or emulation community then chances are you're a solid fanboy who can see Nintendo doing no wrong"
"That's still DMCA abuse. Even with showing a snippet of the game itself, in context of an educational or commentary video, it is clearly fair use."
"I was just thinking about Russ in particular here. His videos have always been so helpful and informative. His channel is exactly the target Nintendo would be going after.?ˇ ?ˇ

Considering how YouTube treats its creators, they wonÉ??t be on his side here."
"> nor does he even encourage piracy specifically

Ironically, I'm more willing to pirate nintendo stuff after this

Edit: Spelling"
"Russ has honestly the *BEST* channel for handheld retro gaming. I've directed several people to his channel because of how resourceful he is. 

I'm not really prepared for a world without his guides and expertise."
They better not kill Russ' channel. Guy puts in so much work and is probably the best doing it out there right now. Honestly I got way more invested in Nintendo's IPs than I was before because of retro gaming devices
I wonder how ltts video on how to rip and play switch games from your backup legally.
"Game Freak ""I choose you Nintendo""

  *Nintendo uses Litigation on Pocketpair*

Pocketpair ""Time for my trump card, I choose you Sony""

  *Sony uses Counter Suit on Nintendo*"
IÉ??m pretty sure you can just challenge it and YouTube usually drops it
YouTube isn't a Japanese corporation though. So legally the most this should be able to affect is having the videos blocked in Japan.
What?? It's not available anymore? Glad I got it when I did I guess. What scumbags
"Considering his first strike was about showing how to dump roms and the second was for showing emulated games on non-Nintendo hardware, they probably did.

Read the article!"
"Plus they don't even have more than a tiny fucking slice of their whole catalog available. If there's no way to play a game outside of emulation (which is 100% legal, despite their protests) they don't really have a leg to stand on."
"Funny enough, a modded switch can be overclocked A LOT and run many games at an stable fps. I understand not doing it to conserve battery but they crippled the console while docked."
"I've heard this constantly, so I hacked my launch switch and dumped my physical copy of the new Zelda to try emulating it because the slowdowns were annoying.

It did not run better on my 7800x3d/7800xt desktop. Shader compilations constantly make it chug, there are frequent graphical bugs with the shaders, and it still occasionally chugs outside of the shader compilation.

Overclocking the switch did make it run better, but not better enough for me to consider playing it on my original switch instead of playing it on my OLED switch. It still had slowdowns, though they did happen less often and for shorter periods."
That's the real problem with all of this. Nintendo's  handheld console that costs $350 runs it's own software worse than a competing companies similarly priced handheld console running the software through emulation because Nintendo thinks it appropriate to release a ti-86 with a color screen in 2024 as modern hardware. It's even more drastic of a difference when you compare it to a proper PC. I simply don't bother with nintendo these days but I would love to play their games if they just released them in a way where I could play them at reasonable resolution and FPS like every other company does.
"One of the ""issues"" for Nintendo games and emulation is that they pretty much all run better and look better on PC. This goes for a lot of generic titles pre-PS3 as well but in Nintendo's case this also applies to their current systems and releases. Tears of the Kingdom wasn't released on PC but is absolutely a better game visually and performance wise in emulation.

In nintendo's case, it's often ""the console is great but it's not perfect, try emulation to fix"" which is probably as an executive suit not where you want to be"
"Lol Disney has actually sued public libraries for doing free kids nights.


But comparing them is like a pissing match between two alcoholics living under a bridge, where one of them thinks he's soooo great because he still has a sleeping bag to sleep in."
Nintendo is like Disney as in: they have everyone's childhoods by their balls and will do anything to fuck them over for a penny.
[deleted]
They did offer users to buy emulated games that on the Wii with the virtual console program.
And the Wii. We were crying out for a service like NSO back then and now we get it people complain
I think it wouldÉ??ve been more successful on a console like the 3DS or switch. Bigger player bases and better for handheld gaming. The Wii U was probably the worst Nintendo console they couldÉ??ve chosen to release old games on
"That's what I said *one device to play my whole library*, it's the SD OLED lol."
Had me in the first half lol
"The long term effects of a stale ecosystem of art are starting to become very noticeable in ""properties"" like Star Wars and the jaded nostalgia of today. The long term impact on freedom of expression was not properly considered when these extensions were made."
We recently hit the date where Steamboat Willy and Winnie the Pooh hit public domain. It's why they're getting shitty C-movie horror flicks.
"I understand your point, but these things aren't concrete, unchangeable realities. I guess that was my point. I understand that today it's not working, but that's why we really need new laws to legislate these things appropriately."
Copyright laws differ from country to country. It's not 75 years past the author's death everywhere.
"Amend fair use to carve out an explicit exception for this. It's arguable under some of the existing fair use doctrine, but it's very much a grey area."
Sir can you please stop applying logic to the situation? You're making the shareholders feel uncomfortable.
"there could easily be common law rules for abandonware like not using the IP for x years results in forfeiture of the property, just like with squatter's rights on real abandoned property. if the only one selling a product is someone other than the creator, how can the creator claim that they own it?"
I've always thought this should be the case. You're telling me it's illegal to pirate an obscure GBA game from 2003 when my only option is to hope somebody is reselling it somewhere?
"Correct. You are legally allowed to backup your own games, and there are no laws prohibiting using an emulator to play them. Only distribution is explicitly illegal.

Interestingly, this is exactly what Russ from Retro Game Corps (the guy who the article is talking about) was doing. He would rip his own games, and then use emulators to play them. He would even include the physical cart in the video when he was showing gameplay, so that there wasn't doubt that it was legally protected.

But as he notes, he's one guy and Nintendo has an army of people dedicated to harassing creators like this. Even if he appeals one strike, Nintendo will just keep going through his years' worth of videos and file new claims on each one that shows Nintendo gameplay."
"If you're in a country that cares, you should be using a VPN when torrenting no matter what."
"Yeah, many companies use bots to scour the torrents and automatically send complaints to your ISP, but I never have that problem because anything I torrent is ***very*** locked behind a VPN connection."
Good thing those emails are worthless.
[removed]
"Ive been raw dogging for years, my isp is a small company, its not a conglomerate like comcast, time warner, cox, verizon, etc. so ive never had any problems with them. My nephew got an email from comcast though when he used to sail. Its crazy."
">  torrent galaxy

how is one tiny public tracker even relevant in this discussion?"
"I think the store downloads still work

Hell, I think they work for the switch too

Suck a dick Nintendo - you literally have enough money to keep running for 50 YEARS without making a profit, yet you're still going after YouTube channels? The fuck"
Modded Wii U is legit one of the best consoles you can own.
I mean the WiiU can run GCN games natively but how do you hook a wavebird up to it?
I would specifically rent questionable games at blockbuster. People see NES and think of the great games but there was a hell of a lot of crap.
"The person meant any games, at all, any games on the platform period with the É??Nintendo seal of qualityÉ?ù, not just first party Nintendo games."
"Back in those days, there was definitely more crap than gold."
the NES and SNES libraries in total are almost entirely trash when you go game by game
Their games is overrated asf and reviewer will usually give them higher score just because its nintendo
"The amount of times I've bought various ""Super Mario Bros."" games is crazy. 

On the NES, on the SNES, on the N64, on the GameCube, on the Wii, on the Wii U, on my 3DS, on my daughter's 3DS, and now I'm paying a subscription to play the games I've already purchased multiple times."
"É??Oh, you liked Earthbound and you want to play Mother 3? Well, fuck you.É?ù"
"> Yeah, emulation is legal, that's all that matters

Not in all countries. And developing emulators is illegal in more countries.

Just putting this here in case someone is using reddit to make life choices."
"If you want people to fight them in court, then they better be aware of context."
"I know it's pretty standard across Reddit, but looking at this thread I genuinely think probably like 5% at best of people commenting or up/downvoting actually read the contents of the article.

The ragebait headline does its job, of course. ""Literally one YouTube channel showing non-Nintendo hardware being used to emulate Nintendo games"" doesn't make it sound quite as scary and corporate-evil as they'd like."
Are you reading my replies as if I'm taking Nintendo's side?
"so evil, so hateful towards all the artists, who made those games and the art itself :/

thankfully lots of archivers are trying their best to keep games alive.

it is crazy, when you have to fight a war to keep the art alive from the company under which the art got created. (there is one exception for that, when the artist/s SPECIFICALLY want the art to die, like unus anus, or one game had an internal death timer, where the game would stop working deliberately for all players or sth, none of it the case here, but interesting to think about)

and just a random thought, but in the effort to keep this art alive, a lot more art gets created and the amazing creation of the emulators i'd argue itself is art.

games, that were unmodable on the consoles through the emulation could get modded and thus artistic expression was allowed to flow. sth, that mostly sane companies try to harness btw, see valve. (not defending valve's other shit, but they are right on supporting mods and how it benefits them)"
"Make it possible to buy the games and people will, that's the crazy part. I would love to play some N64 games, but they aren't on the switch yet.?ˇ"
"Nintendo has been ruthless since the 80s. I suggest reading Game Over by David Sheff which details the company's rise. While he takes a balanced perspective, you can see that their bad side goes all the way back to the start.

Consumers have a massive blind spot for anything that becomes a part of their personal identities. Nintendo is responsible for some of the most iconic games in history and an integral part of many childhoods but that alone doesn't make them a ""good"" company. Even in the era of social media this continues to be a problem."
They've been doing stuff like this for decades. They even took Blockbuster to court over game rentals back in the day.
"ItÉ??s doubly ironic since one of nintendos first hits, donkey Kong, got in a copyright dispute with Universal over donkey kong being King Kong. 

Universal did a cease and desist. And Nintendo counter claimed. Appealed and counter claimed again to finally eke out a victory. It was the underdog vs the giant. 

And then about 50 years later they are doing far more insane things themselves. 

Guess they lived long enough to see themselves become the villain."
thats japanese culture for you. fair use aint a thing
Nintendo will remain draconic until every boomer in corporate will be dead or retired
What's with that unrelated subreddit link in your comment?
"They will definitely never ease up, they've been like this for decades.

They'll get worse in the sense they'll continue to aggressively attack anyone trying to have fun with their shit on any platform that exists, including new ones.

We're talking about a company so far up its own ass that it purposely withholds 95% of its own catalogue of games and other decisions that could absolutely make them tons of money _and_ make fans happy, just because of their draconian sense of ownership and artificial scarcity."
"> Think theyÉ??ll ever ease up or just keep getting worse?

just get worse.  they hate the fact that someone can play their games on a device they didn't approve.  Since they don't make old games available to purchase, people find ways to play them.  they would stop all copies of the original NES console working if they could...."
"When I was 9, I had an assignment to write a letter to a company of my choice and I chose nintendo. Not only did they actually respond with a hand-typed letter but they also sent a box filled with all sorts of neat stuff including a letter opener, some cool booklets, some pens, a shirt, and a nintendo branded mug. I often wonder where that company went."
"Also 31 and I agree. Loyalty to a company was kind of ok when your best resource for buying something involved magazines and a sales person, but now it's just the best way to kill a company.

Had a Ford that never died? Well I guess I like Ford and may just buy them until they go to shit. But now? Now it's just an excuse to start cutting corners."
"For context, there's another type of relationship where corporations creating and supporting the products they make engender the kind of goodwill that can help communities thrive. If you look at the Fighting Game Community especially, you can see how Capcom and ArcSys have largely extended monetary support for competitions/circuits/tourneys that not only help promote the game itself, but help foster growth in that particular FGC community. It's a win/win situation: the company lines their pockets and gets good press, and the FGC members get to enjoy a good game and participate in a social community centered around competitive performance.?ˇ


In this sense, being a fan of the corporation can make a lot of sense.?ˇ


It does not make sense in the context of Nintendo.?ˇ


Super Smash Brothers Melee, a 23 year old game, has a thriving competitive community that has been in Nintendo's crosshairs for decades. It's a community that by necessity has had to grow its own tournaments, find its own sponsors and develop its own meta because Nintendo has refused to contribute anything substantial to the community.?ˇ


There have certainly been overtures to the Melee community over the years, but that's been offset by legal threats to shut down tournaments, scare off sponsors, kill off major grassroots tourney organizations, and stifle general growth. Suffice it to say, one of the longest lasting, most successful fighting game stories in this era has succeeded in spite of Nintendo, not because of them.?ˇ


All this is to say that being a fan of a company, especially in the context of the FGC, can make a lot of sense!?ˇ


But Nintendo has consistently and knowingly shoved their litigious appendages down all of the Melee community's collective orifices, all to its detriment.?ˇ


It's just another way that Nintendo's overprotective stance on their IP has ruined things for others."
"""Obedience Breeds Discipline, Discipline Breeds Unity, Unity Breeds Power, Power is Life""

All Hail Umbrella."
I'm just waiting for something to come out and damage what I like about how Cosco does things
Microsoft do one good thing and make their first party games available on PC and now we have to hear Xbox is failing. So it sounds like being consumer friendly is getting people to shit on them too.
"So, I honestly really like the switch.

I agree with your reasoning for not liking it. Nintendo should have made a decently reliable system (joycon sticks being hall effect) and I think it would have been closer to the price they were asking for. I'm fine with it's performance capabilities and it's battery life because it's size is perfect for taking on the go. It's multiplayer capabilities are better than anything currently on the market.

That said, I'm kinda done with them. The switch is under powered, especially considering the price/performance differences between the switch and Steam deck (years newer). I feel like a mid life upgrade would have been quite desirable.

I'm mostly upset with the online subscription. I've never had to pay for Nintendo online on the 3ds and the WiiU, but now I do on the switch? It's not like it's an upgrade to the rather unreliable Nintendo online play.
The subscription service has also replaced the Nintendo Virtual Console. 

The virtual console was the biggest reason I wanted the switch in the first place. I was really excited to have a handheld virtual console capable of possibly game cube and maybe Wii/Wii U. But that never happened, and it's all behind a subscription service on a console where first party titles cost $80-90 CAD. The Switch 2 better be better, or I might have to say not this time."
Yah but there's only truly one giant that literally attacks their fan base
"Yeah but dumping games isn't illegal, actually if you want to emulate legally you need a copy of the game and dump it yourself."
"Or youÉ??re in r/Nintendo, where this article was smothered and deleted"
"The thing about fair use is that its not a blanket exception.

It still has to be defended through litigation, if the copyright-owner pushes against the claim.

Saying the words ""Fair Use!"" doesn't put an end to the matter."
"Fair use is a legal construct, not part of the YT terms of service. And that legal construct doesnÉ??t exist in Japan, from my understanding."
"> in context of an educational or commentary video, it is clearly fair use

*Iff* he is ""commenting"" or being ""educational"" on the specific thing he's showing. If he's not commenting on that title screen and how it was made, or its aesthetic properties, *directly*, then it's a *much* harder sell to make the claim it's fair use."
"Fair use In America.?ˇ
But in Japan there is no such thing as fair use.?ˇ
?ˇNintendo knows that YouTube will take videos down that may break a (stupid) law from the companies country of business.?ˇ"
"IIRC he still has a day job and puts the money away for his kids so he should be fine if things go really bad but yeah it's a shame that Nintendo is going after one of the best

EDIT: the man himself replied that this is not the case :("
"I honestly suggest getting a modded switch. It really opens it up software-wise. 

My only gripe is to get a modchip installed you need to be pretty knowledgeable at soldering or to pay someone to do it. IÉ??m decent at soldering but I elected to pay a dude who does chip modding on the side."
I mean I certainly am now ...
"I highly agree with this, unfortunately Nintendo just took down Ryujinx yesterday...so yea.. I guess I need to get a modded switch"
Has there been any news that Sony will go to bat for them?
"Challenge is just that: youÉ??re telling YouTube to tell Nintendo you want to go to court.  ItÉ??s actually a pretty serious thing responding to a claim.

ItÉ??s then up to Nintendo to go full throttle and waste your money or to bluff and do nothing.

Sometimes companies like to waste your time even if youÉ??ll eventually win just to make people realize they are expensive to oppose."
YouTube doesn't really care though unfortunately. We all know that Google is run like a chicken with it's heads cut off. They don't like fixing things or making them better. They only want new stuff. That's why they've recreated the wheel 500000 times.
"Did a Disney Vault situation with it.

I can understand them wanting to only do a limited release of physical copies, but not even having it available for digital purchase anymore is insane."
It was a limited release for Mario's anniversary celebration.
To be the absolute most devilish of advocates: They were clear from the get go that it was a limited release.
I'm glad I didn't get it.
"Is ""dumping roms"" a breach of copyright?"
GIVE ME LEGAL POKEMON CLASSICS ON YOUR CONSOLE AND I WILL BUY IT.?ˇ
"I can also connect my old Wii U Pro controller to my modded switch (original model, so not even a mod chip is needed) over Bluetooth now.  No need for a dongle, which means that Nintendo COULD support the Wii U pro controller but choose not too.  That's super scummy."
"You were doing something wrong to not beat out the Switch. ToTK drops to 20fps on Switch and on Yuzu I was getting 60 fps at higher resolutions. 5800X3D, 7900XTX."
"And they were pretty expensive tbh.  $7.99 for a 25 year old Gameboy game that is 48kb in size?  When I could buy an SD card for that much that could fit the entire Gameboy library and still have room to spare?  And the vast majority of that library was never even made available on the Virtual Console.  Titles that have been sitting on my PC as rom files for literally decades.  Piracy can just be so, so much more convenient."
Notice how there are no old Pok??mon games on NSO?
agreed. plus the UI was pretty awful.
One big deck to rule them all :). Even pays itself off by not having to waste money on NSO+.
"This got talked about a bit at the start of the year because 1 January 2024 was the day Steamboat Willie, the first widely distributed cartoon featuring Mickey Mouse, *finally* entered the public domain. [Here's a YouTube link](https://youtu.be/hmzO--ox7X0?si=CbVGkf_JMMavlRWn) to an upload of the cartoon - notably by someone who isn't affiliated with Disney. Kinda weird to see Mickey used by a non-Disney entity, but that's how she goes.

Thing is, that cartoon was first released on 18 November 1928. 1928! That was the year Alexander Fleming discovered penicillin, and it took until *this year* for the copyright for works published then to expire. Insanity. With few exceptions, every book, film, song, TV show and video game released since 1929 is under lock and key for 95 years at minimum. Virtually any film made during the Golden Age of Hollywood is still under copyright; they had just figured out how to synchronize sound with video to make sound films in 1928. Almost anything that has won an Oscar outside of the very first few years of their existence is still under copyright. Books, too - the Hobbit was released in 1937, for instance. Television didn't even become widespread until the 30s. Recorded music formats existed, but the 33 1/3 RPM records familiar to those who own vinyl today weren't introduced until 1948 and 45s were introduced the following year. Before that, any consumer release was on 78 RPM shellac records, or, even older and *definitely* in the public domain would be recordings on cylinders. Video games, forget about it, the oldest thing that could arguably be called a video game wasn't around until the 40s. A computer in 1928 was someone with a slide rule who got paid to solve math problems all day, so arcade machines, let alone consoles that could play *more than one game,* were a pipe dream. Shit, you can't even escape it with *board games;* Monopoly was first published by Parker Brothers in 1935. Unless you're playing something really old like chess or checkers, board games are copyrighted too.

Copyright laws do differ from country to country - Orwell's 1984 is in the public domain in Canada, for instance - but most countries have laws similar to that of the US. The only works not in the public domain since 1929 are those where the copyright wasn't renewed or where they were deliberately released into the public domain, which is a small fraction of the works released in the last 95 years."
"Shorter copyrights would make that aspect *worse* though. If copyrights still only lasted 28 years total there'd be a billion different versions of star wars. 

Agree with copyrights or not but the current length does at least encourage making new shit up rather than rehashing the same IPs."
You should read up on the subject. The last time any significant change to the copyright law was enacted was in 2016. It wasnÉ??t nearly enough to bring us to the digital age and it took Congress decades to accomplish it. ItÉ??s very concrete.
"Damn, imagine going out of your way to rip your own games to emulate only to get absolutely shit on anyways. If push comes to shove he should just go down swinging, completely scorched earth on their asses. Fuck Nintendo, they may end up being the first company to actually sail the high seas."
They are until they're not and they hire a local scumbag attorney to serve people and force them go to court or settle for a few thousand.
"sure they have no monetary value but your ISP will cancel your service 

i had mine shut off for it. i had to say it must have been when i had friends over and i'll be sure to secure my network"
"With one of these. 

https://www.amazon.com/Mayflash-GameCube-Controller-Adapter-Wii-White/dp/B00YH3NWTW

EDIT1: Raphnet sells adapters for other controllers.  

https://www.raphnet-tech.com/index.php

EDIT2: When using the Raphnet adapters, the microphone in Donkey Konga drums don't work.  I imagine other controllers with mics would have the same issue."
Get a hub that plugs into the USB. I have one
"Seal of Quality meant it was officially licensed and not bootlegged, and was one of many reasons Nintendo of America was able to rehabilitate the image of video games in the US after the crash."
Where is emulation illegal? I can't think of a single country where it's illegal to develop an emulator.
"Oh man you donÉ??t gotta tell me, I got kicked off the 3ds sub for showing a video where a YouTuber emulated a 3ds on a Microsoft duo, never pirated or modded my 3ds, never encouraged piracy, actively discouraged it but even the fans it seems are fighting for the Nintendo lawyers if we canÉ??t even appreciate cool things people do to make sure games live on"
[removed]
Having to pay a subscription to have access to them is a massive turn off for me. I was weighing it up against getting an Xbox and Rare Replay for the few games I'm craving.
Yes and no. Would I pay $5-10 for some old games? Definitely. But knowing Nintendo theyÉ??d charge $40 (a higher price only makes sense if itÉ??s remastered)
"I keep an archive on my computer that contains *every NES, FDS, SNES, Game Boy, Game Boy Color, and N64 game, just as a matter of principle. Many of these games I already paid for when they came out, I'm not going to keep paying for them in perpetuity without a compelling value proposition. But more importantly, the vast majority of them would never see the light of day and never be playable again according to Nintendo's current mindset.

*North American releases, except for FDS"
And not just switch. Do like Sega has been doing and bring them to pc as well.
"That's the most unhinged part of the whole thing.

Create a licensed emulator and a game store - make a bunch of money.

But nah, lets sue people instead."
"There have been several studies that show the people who pirate the most also spend the most on their media. Whether people are just downloading to demo or just want an extra digital copy.

HereÉ??s a [Vice Article](https://www.vice.com/en/article/study-again-shows-pirates-tend-to-be-the-biggest-buyers-of-legal-content/) from 2018. There are other but this was the one I found quickest using Google.

I am also one of these people. I will attempt to legally acquire something before resorting to piracy. I also use it as a means to demo games before buying. I pirated Elden Ring, put 110 hours into that copy and ended up buying it twice over on PS5 and PCÉ?? along with every other souls game From has published. They made more money off me pirating the game than had I just gone É??meh, IÉ??m not paying $60 on a game IÉ??m not sure aboutÉ?ù and never getting sucked into their entire catalogue. I know thatÉ??s anecdotal but I also know IÉ??m not the only one. 

Anti-piracy is anti-consumer and anti-preservation."
"Or you know, stop making me rebuy the same games for decades. Would be nice if I could use my 3ds library if they allow it for the next console but they'll probably for you to rebuy everything for like $30 or some subscription fee."
you say that but they have gameboy/ super ninteno/ nintendo emulators on switch and people still pirate those games.
I hate was Nintendo is doing to Russ and others but isnÉ??t N64 available on the Switch? But only with the subscription?
"IÉ??d just love for them to port over some GameBoy Pok??mon games. I didnÉ??t play them as a kid and ended up addicted to an emulator version of HeartGold during Covid. Arceus was É?? fine, but IÉ??d pay good money for each of the early games."
Remember when nintendo re-released a remastered version of mario 64 etc in a bundle then like a month or so later took it down forever because it was limited time only? For a digital release of a game.....
"they can only charge like $10 if not more like $2 for those old games. they are barely profitable, and they dont want gamers spending a bunch of times enjoying a $2 game because then its less likely they buy new, more profitable games (and the newer systems that run them)."
[removed]
[removed]
I sort of hope this happens to The Pokemon Company too. They desperately need some new blood with better ideas and development processes.
[removed]
It's spam. They do it on a lot of their comments going by their post history. I reported them to the subreddit and reddit in general. Dumb stuff.
Buying up a huge chunk of studios to create a monopoly then  shutting down a bunch of studios when you realize you have no idea what to do with them does not sound consumer friendly to me lol
"I too did like switch initially.

But that was due to lack of better choise.

Now I that I've experienced better handhelds, I actually despise the console. Even switch exclusives aren't that good. And most notable games are available on PC too."
">The switch is under powered... I feel like a mid life upgrade would have been quite desirable.

I think after people were confused by the ""New"" 3DS variants, Nintendo soured on the refresh model a bit. I wouldn't get your hopes up for being wowed by the Switch 2, either. All the leaks/statements from industry folks have pointed to a ""last gen"" performance target. Something in line with PS4. An improvement, for sure, but still roughly as dated as the Switch felt upon release."
"This is only true until the Ps2/Cube generation where the DMCA started to apply, and companies began putting DRM protections on the discs.   Now dumping your own games doesn't break the original rules but it DOES violate the DMCA for bypassing copy protection unless you happen to be an authorized museum or archive."
"As others pointed out, it's illegal to bypass the encryption under the DMCA, but the question wasn't if it was legal, it was why does Nintendo treat the content differently, and the answer is that they're ok with people using emulators to play games but not ok with giving instructions on it.?ˇ"
"There's no SLAPP type law at play with DMCA claims because....??????? Because that's exactly what this sounds like, an abuse of DMCA that is ultimately frivolous and the claimant knows it will lose, unless if the defendant just can't defend it in court because they'll eat massive legal fees."
I gotta be real with you. A law that only applies to you if you have the funds to enforce it yourself is wild to me.
I .. DECLARE .. FAIR USE!!!
"I think it's more than that, iirc Japan doesn't have a Fair Use exception in it's copyright laws. It does have some similar elements (like I believe parody is still allowed) but as a result since the company is based in Japan, they can basically strike anything using any of their products/assets etc. it's one of the reasons they are so incredibly litigious around it"
"Youtube is not following some Japanese law. They are explicitly issuing DMCA strikes. Youtube has simply set up their reporting system such that accusations of infringement from a whitelist of large compamies are automatically validated without human review.

Russ could absolutely contest this on fair use grounds, and would likely win, if he had the money and desire to fight Nintendo in court."
Unfortunately (at least in this context) I have been full-time on YouTube since retiring from the military a couple years ago.  So this channel is indeed my primary source of income.
"As someone who is into the hobby, Russ is the best full stop. His videos are so informative, humorous, and with zero filler. It would be a huge blow to the retro handheld hobby to lose him."
"Smart of him to have done that instead of going the full-time YouTuber route. Maybe he knew one day his channel could be suspended for good and chose not to rely entirely on it. HeÉ??s got his website, so itÉ??s not like those guides are gone for good.?ˇ

Still sucks terribly to lose all that work because one gaming company can overstep their bounds."
"I'm pretty sure you're thinking of Taki Udon, not Russ"
"For what it's worth, if you have an early enough model it's much easier and doesn't require soldering."
"Are there different brands of microchips? Or just one? 
Thinking of ordering it today actually"
"MIG switch cart can be used on any system and canÉ??t be patched to stop it working 

The Ironic part is the original leader in modded switch was SXOS and required a modded system which kept the casual user from pirated games but once Nintendo took down Bowser and SXOS someone else was able to step up and replace as the de facto mod king of switch and has made it so anyone can play with pirated games on any system"
Got any good knowledge sources? I've got a switch collecting dust and could definitely use some new life.
"Between Yuzu, Vimm's Lair, and Palworld, Nintendo has burned any remaining good will from me. I'm certain that the only reason they keep making good games is because there's still a few people there who actually care about quality and because retention at Japanese companies is super high. The moment they leave, we'll see Nintendo become a lot closer to what Disney is today."
"No, there hasn't. The deal they have is with the media division, not the gaming one. I'd say it's a toss whether Sony support the PocketPal devs, or (if they do) the amount of support."
"Well there's plenty of videos which are blocked in my country, but still up on YouTube."
Nintendo use US law to enforce their copyright. Because if they use Japanese law then YouTube will just do a local block in Japan only.
"Trying to create demand for a digital item is scummy. It costs them nothing but a small piece of space on a server. There are a lot of reasons people rip and pirate games. Some of them are noble, some of them are selfish, but no matter your stance on it pirating does keep games around, forever. And this pisses game companies off now. It didn't used to, but that was before they realized they could develop a shitty half-assed port to a new system and charge new game prices for it. Pirating preserves the content as it was meant to be played. They want to end or at least stem the flow? Give us an easier legitimate solution. TV show and movie pirating went to an all time low when online streaming was affordable. Music pirating all but disappeared with the high fidelity music apps. I pay like $15 a month for Spotify(which I know has its issues), but that's hours of my time not spent hunting down content on shady websites.

Nintendo seems to think that this is stopping pirating. They've dealt some blows, but it doesn't solve the issue. Want us to stop pirating your shit? Then give us a better way. The entire NES library fits on a flash drive. The SNES/Famicom library can fit on a few DVDs. These games do not take up a lot of space. Emulate your own shit, bundle it, and sell it to us at a subscription and I'd be down. Give us the GameCube library. Give us the Wii library. Let us pay you to keep our games in one place on our own consoles. But no, they'd rather pay lawyers to go after anything they can. It's absolutely bonkers that they think they're going to stop this somehow. All it does is cause bad blood with their fanbase who just wants to play their games."
"People still support this company, lol."
"IÉ??m not going to pretend to know one way or the other way if it is or not or the nuances of Japanese and American intellectual property and copyright laws when it comes to that. I donÉ??t know. 

Generally speaking, the act itself is a legal gray area which varies significantly by country. 

According to [NintendoÉ??s official FAQ on the matter](https://en-americas-support.nintendo.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/55888/~/intellectual-property-%26-piracy-faq#s2q7), it is because aspects of the software itself is indeed copyrighted and have specific protections. 

É??You may be thinking of the backup/archival exception under the U.S. Copyright Act. There is some misinformation on the Internet regarding this backup/archival exception. This is a very narrow limitation that extends to computer software. Video games are comprised of numerous types of copyrighted works and should not be categorized as software only. Therefore, provisions that pertain to backup copies would not apply to copyrighted video game works and specifically ROM downloads, that are typically unauthorized and infringing.É?ù

In which case, providing instructions on how to copy or É??dumpÉ?ù the image isnÉ??t protected."
"TBF, Nintendo couldn't sell every game, one example was Donkey Kong 64. They didn't have the license for that. Sure, they could've gotten it, but Nintendo is way too greedy for that. 

Piracy will always win."
What always got me were the NES TMNT games on Wii VC... where they were all $5 except the first one which was for some reason $6? Despite being considered the worst one?
"Doubtful, at least in Star Wars' case. Trademark would still apply (it doesn't expire, but can be contested.) So you might have at best a couple thousand spin-offs of Star Wars, with few of them using a license for the applicable trademarks. The obvious one being the Star Wars name and word-mark. Most character names have also been trademarked (primarily for merchandising), such as Vader and Yoda. Also includes common terms like Lightsaber, Jedi, Sith, Force, Droid, etc. and logos like those for the Rebel Alliance and the Empire.

Disney can deny licensing to all of these marks. So while you might have those thousands of spin-offs, the majority might as well be parody works."
Has this happened ever?
"I don't mind paying for some of the GameCube games that they are remastering, but they are so slow doing it. A broader point is that many of these games will never get a remastered or rereleased."
"Yup - Nintendo is the best at leaving money on the table.  During lockdown, the large part of the pandemic and all the hype for Animal Crossing that drove huge sales - brought in a ton of new fans.  They then announce no more updates for it and walk away. ????É?çÉ??ã?è 
My wife and I have 3 Nintendo switches we haven't turned on since.

They would rather waste time going after stupid legal disputes and kill any kind of organic built excitement for their products."
I just want to play Phantasy star online with some friends to completion but they nuke the site in a cat and mouse game every few months.
If they were somewhat smart they would make their own emulators and just start selling all the games again.
"No defense for Nintendo being the way they are, but they don't own the rights to all the games from their old platforms. I would say a very large portion of their own stuff is on their switch emulators at this point."
"ItÉ??s not that easy. There are other developers/producers/etc. that are no longer in business so Nintendo canÉ??t legally release the games in other formats. IÉ??m not saying this is true for every game, perhaps Nintendo has the sole rights for some of them, but that is rare. All parties would have to consent, and if the party doesnÉ??t exist, no re-release is possible :("
"Reminds me of when Disney would ""lock"" movies in the ""Disney vault"" back in the day. 

Then the 21st century happened, that couldn't be a thing anymore, and Disney evolved with the times."
"This is it for me as well. I love classic console games and would adore having a single handheld with all of them on, but no one wants to do it. I'm not buying 4+ consoles to play Pok??mon, and I'm sure as hell not paying a subscription for it. So I'm left with emulating. Sony does the same thing, I'd adore being able to sit down and play all the Ratchet and Clank games on one console/handheld as well."
"Super Mario 64

$64.99"
"You know they would. 

Mario Kart 8 came out on the Wii U 10 years ago. 

They still charge the full release price of $59.99 for it."
SEGA MegaDrive & Genesis Classics on steam. Literally an emulator with legally provided ROMs.
I mean theres different types of pirates. A lot of them are in really poor countries where the publisher either sells the game at a steep regional discount to get at least *some* money or the game is pirated.
"Same here. Any game I pirate that I enjoy I purchase, and if I plan on watching a movie multiple times I will usually buy the Blu-ray of even though I have a PLEX setup at home as well as stremio/Rd/torrentio in place. I don't mind paying for something I want, I just don't wanna be ripped off."
"That's me for sure. 

I've got 40+ terabytes of movies/TV shows/music/comics/manga/ebooks on my Plex, Calibre, and Komga servers - a lot of which I may never even watch/listen to/read, but I also make damn sure to buy merch and/or physical copies of the media I like or was created by someone I want to support. And I also enjoy sharing that media with my friends and family. 

I pirated the audiobooks of the KingKiller Chronicles by Patrick Rothfuss like 8 years ago, since then I have bought that series for multiple people and purchased the hardback versions for myself, and pre-ordered the last short novel he just put out. On top of that, because I loved the narrator of the audiobook so much, I ended up purchasing a bunch of audible books he's narrated.

Another example - I had never purchased a single comic book in my 40 yes of life, then I started getting into some comic lore/stories because of youtubers like mullet man comics. I started downloading some of the arcs that sounded interesting, and then moved on to purchasing omnibuses. Now I've got a bookcase filled with comics and manga, and my kids have started reading them too.

Companies that are so litigious about their media that they're willing to go out of their way to come after fans are just shooting themselves in the foot."
"Only has a couple games at a time.  Last time I opened it only Perfect Dark and Turok showed up, and they'll never have something like Blast Corps on there."
"They C&D'd my local video store in the early 1990's because they were photocopying the game manuals... so the customers would have some clue as to how to play the damn games at all on the store-bought consoles in their own homes in case someone's kid lost or threw away the original manuals.  

And renting them as a trial absolutely led to people purchasing the games that were actually good at retail, instead of having to pretend marketing information was a true representation of their quality."
This chain is too low :(
Until fairly recently it was perfectly legal to download pirated games. I remember people were literally selling R4 carts in the street and out of vending machines when Sony and Nintendo finally put pressure on the government to change the law.
As an avid Pokemon fan 100% agree!  The switch pokemon games don't even support cloud saves!  It's crazy!
"I am on the side that their creatives aren't really out of good ideas but their technical side is definitely way behind such that they cannot even implement 50% of the creative department's ideas or even music. According to Japanese review sites many people who worked for Gamefreak praise their creative and management side (i.e nice facilities, good working hours (for Japan at least), great maternal/paternal leave policies, supportive managers (if you work in the artist or music side)) but constantly complain about the technical side and how behind Gamefreak is to the industry.

One of the issues is that one of the leads, Matsuda believes that he refuses to work with a large team. He has ""left"" Gamefreak to the The Pokemon Company for an executive position."
IÉ??m convinced the only reason for Nintendo suing PalworldÉ??s creators is because they finally made the Pok??mon game the Pok??mon company/game freak wouldnÉ??t and it was wildly successful and it light a fire under NintendoÉ??s ass and theyÉ??re not happy
Do they? Aren't they making money hand over fist?
"That's the thing as long as they literally keep winning console competition it won't change. Why do anything when your outdated hardware barely runs games like the new Zelda at 60 fps and the same Pokemon game that barely changes or in fact got worse still sells out? Why do any of that when you can charge 60 dollars for old ass games remade on the switch with barely any value? (Fucken Mario vs dk is the biggest rip off ever). 

Nintendo has these beloved IPs and it's fans by the cock, balls, and mouth and they can keep shitting in them and they will keep buying it. Nintendo doesn't deserve half the praise they get."
The up-and-coming generation is who gave us Splatoon. I think they have some different ideas than the current leadership.
"Also, advertising that you're a mod of a sub in every comment you make is the neckbeardiest thing I've ever seen ."
That's why I said they did one good thing lol
"They do the same thing on eBay, I bought a jacket from Martin Garrix and then the prick decides to send me a take down notice for copyright infringement despite the first sale doctrine. Just because they can. IÉ??m not allowed to resell it apparently because thatÉ??s his market."
"> There's no SLAPP type law at play with DMCA claims because....???????

There is no federal anti-SLAPP at all. Federal courts are unlikely to enforce a state anti-SLAPP law against a person from a state without one. Yes, this needs to change.

> claimant knows it will lose, unless if the defendant just can't defend it in court because they'll eat massive legal fees.

Eh, mostly you are correct. The Copyright act does allow the court to award attorney fees, but if a matter under law is unsettled, like Youtuber DMCA abuse, then they may not. There is a real risk they will have to eat attorney fees. A guy who resold books had to fork over 2 million just to get the Supreme Court to clarify on when you can earn attorney fees and for it to be reviewed again because of bias from the second circuit.

More details here:

https://www.nortonrosefulbright.com/en-us/knowledge/publications/e6264064/supreme-court-clarifies-attorneys-fees-in-copyright"
"> There's no SLAPP type law at play with DMCA claims because....??????? 

The DMCA actually says it's a criminal act to knowingly file a false takedown. But it's not enforced because ""nah I'm just stupid af"" is a defence somehow."
"ThatÉ??s, like, every law."
"Late stage capitalism, for ya."
">I gotta be real with you. A law that only applies to you if you have the funds to enforce it yourself is wild to me.

r/austrian_economics paradise"
"I mean I get that, but why does it apply outside of japan?

  
Edit: Apparently copyrights are international, but the laws are country of the application based (summary from me after 5min of É??researchÉ?ù

  
[https://monolith.law/en/general-corporate/overseas-copyright#:\~:text=In%20Japan%2C%20copyright%20protection%20for,the%20%E2%80%9CUniversal%20Copyright%20Convention.%E2%80%9D](https://monolith.law/en/general-corporate/overseas-copyright#:~:text=In%20Japan%2C%20copyright%20protection%20for,the%20%E2%80%9CUniversal%20Copyright%20Convention.%E2%80%9D)"
"> Russ could absolutely contest this on fair use grounds, and would likely win, if he had the money and desire to fight Nintendo in court.

And here lies the crux of the issue: Nintendo can get away with so much illegal or *at best* legally gray bullshit without any court precedent because nobody has the money to win a case.

DoesnÉ??t matter if youÉ??re right, you also need to be filthy rich to fight back. ItÉ??s why Nintendo only targets the É??little guysÉ?ù who quickly have to fold under financial pressure."
Sounds like a class action lawsuit might be warranted here. They abuse DMCA so much that there has to be an entire class of affected people.
"I'm sorry to see Nintendo kicking the lawyer machine back up on you and other creators. You're my favorite creator in the retro gaming world and I hope this stuff isn't affecting you too much. 

The lack of Pokemon Fire Red running on a device won't keep me from watching."
I'm interested and I have a release version switch. Does this also depend on software version I'm on? If you don't mind sharing a guide or something I would really appreciate it!
"Yeah there are different chip versions, chip types (hwfly vs picofly), and they are different setups between the V1/V2, Lite, and Oled models. 

Definitely do your research as it gets pretty confusing fast. A lot of the people who do paid services let you buy the chips from them to make it easy."
"There are a few modchip variants. The recommended one is picofly but there are specific boards for the revision of switch you have. Lite/oled/normal.

If your switch is old enough, you don't need a chip. Or even need to open your switch. 

https://switch.hacks.guide has all the info you need."
Yeah I got my MIG cart and dumper in a couple weeks ago. ItÉ??s nice having all my games on one cartridge.
"r/SwitchPirates (ironically the sub wonÉ??t help you with piracy, just modding your switch and setting up emulation and operating systems)"
It took this long for you?
You're over estimating it dude. Roms are even smaller than that. Every single NES game is about .5GB and all SNES games are about 3GB which is less than a DVD. In fact every single cartage based game system up to the N64 and GBA is only 50GB with of course CD based devices finally being when sizes get big.So you could fit the early history of video games on a single flash drive. This is with everything compressed which most emulators support anyway.
"> É??You may be thinking of the backup/archival exception under the U.S. Copyright Act. There is some misinformation on the Internet regarding this backup/archival exception. This is a very narrow limitation that extends to computer software. Video games are comprised of numerous types of copyrighted works and should not be categorized as software only. Therefore, provisions that pertain to backup copies would not apply to copyrighted video game works and specifically ROM downloads, that are typically unauthorized and infringing.É?ù

This a bizarre, and wrong, argument. Both console games and pc programs ship with other kinds of media. Claiming you can only backup software that is only code would break many pieces of software and make the archival purpose of the law useless.

And one that does not show in the law:

https://law.stackexchange.com/a/41876

Want more proof? LTT did a video on backing up your own roms and Nintendo has not dared to sue them.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jISrg3V9ubo

Please do not rely only a company's words when their interest is against your rights. It is a very self serving cherry pick of the law that clearly violates Congress's intent. If Congress wanted media that is part of a software program to be exempt from archives-they would have done so-they did for other limitations of rights. Congress can change this law at any time they like, and have yet to do so.

> In which case, providing instructions on how to copy or É??dumpÉ?ù the image isnÉ??t protected.

Not sure where you got this. People have a right to do something under the law, but you can not instruct people on how to do it? You can not talk about it?"
Claiming games aren't software is some of the most deranged bullshit I've read in a while.
Nintendo absolutely has the license for DK64. It was on the Wii U VC.?ˇ
"Donkey Kong 64 was actually one of the few games worth buying on the Wii U virtual console store. 

It did not run well though, but that's the game not the emulation."
I want to pay more money to be electrified underwater.
"It has, but id love to see a story of it happening anytime in the past decade"
Yes.  My best friend downloaded a metric fuckton of music while in college and used the music to DJ during parties.  He was threatened with legal action at the time of over 150k.  He turned over his computer and equipment and was no sued.
"They didnÉ??t even remaster Pikmin 1 and 2, itÉ??s just a straight port which was really disappointing"
[removed]
"omg, same , exactly. we havent played anything for 2 years on that thing, all we played was animal crossing on it. lol, with our docks and big screens. we're still pissed they just gave up on it, like wtf, it was huge."
"Animal Crossing New Horizons would benefit a lot from updates similar to New Leaf. but it never got the content New Leaf got, and as a result New Horizons felt like it was half assed in favor of the new feature TM terraforming."
"I mean it's not developers that are the ones pursuing legal action, they're making their games AND going on their courtroom adventures lol"
"True, but do they have to? Their first party games continue to sell great. They don't have to work for it anymore, so now they just kinda suck."
"If you want to, I have a friend who was able to save the original client for PSO BB without any mods for you to run your own server, it's quite easy to do and you can play with your friends."
Sony created a bunch of pirates when they banned Helldivers in non PSN countries
IÉ??ve started buying up blu-rays again because I hate seeing physical media die.
"Well, of course. That would imply you can also have game data on multiple switches without needing a stupid transfer and confirmation of ownership of both switches."
ThisÉ?? this is the worst. I accidentally completely murdered a kidÉ??s entire collection once because of this. This has scarred me for life.
"As someone who hates every single Pokemon game on Switch, isn't this explicitly to prevent cloning Pokemon?"
"Its not just a neckbeard thing, it's a referral spam racket. There's 20 ""VPN subs"" all like this and they all spam comments or crossposts to get people to go to their subs and click their links. Some subs are almost entirely populated by their bots recommending the same disguised referral links over and over, it's a fucking blight and the admins can't do shit (read: not ""wont"", but ""cant"") because they all use the VPNs themselves and just evade their suspensions and set up shop a month later with new fake links. It's been going on since before I joined Reddit but the number of these rackets has exploded in recent years."
">IÉ??m not allowed to resell it apparently

Well that's just a lie

There's these things called pawn shops, you can sell pretty much anything you want to those"
It's why I only beat up poor people.
"I am not a copyright lawyer or anything so take this all with a grain of salt here. But I am pretty sure it essentially boils down to international politics more than anything. ""The West"" and associated allies (South Korea, Japan, etc) generally have agreements (whether formally or informally I am not totally sure) to enforce each other's IP laws within their own country. So even if you are a US citizen, if a Japanese company wants to enforce their copyright laws against you, the US government basically agrees that they are allowed to do that. It's kind of the same reason why fake Gucci bags and knockoff products commonly come from China/Russia. Those governments don't give a shit if they are ripping off Western companies and won't comply with Western companies attempts to get them taken down/raided etc


Also did some googling and there is a longstanding treaty/convention that most countries are in called the ""Berne Convention"" that establishes minimum copyright laws for all member states. Not sure if that would be why Nintendo can enforce it's copyright internationally though. It may also be a licensing type of thing where Nintendo could say if you want us to sell products in your country, you have to obey our copyright laws. Or it also just boils down to the fact that it's enough of a gray area where private companies like YouTube are going to comply with the demands because they don't want to risk getting into a legal battle themselves over it"
"Software version doesn't matter. The original hardware exposed the debug pins of the system via the joycon rail, so you can bypass the entire operating system by shorting two pins and plugging in a usb stick. The dangerous way is bending a paperclip and manually touching the correct pins; the safe way is buying an RCM jig (or 3D printing one yourself) to hold your paperclip in the correct spacing and sliding it into the rail. That allows you to boot an alternative OS via the recovery mode without the switch ever reading from its internal memory. The Reddit spam filter tends to block direct links to the guide, but the first few Google hits for _RCM mode switch guide_ should tell you all you need to know."
You can check with the serial number
https://switch.hacks.guide/
There was a period before the Yuzu takedown where Nintendo seemed like they were going to calm down a bit and actually focus on being a company people wanted to buy stuff from that would sell it to them under mutually agreeable terms.
You forget they took the time to take out the brand name items your pikmins would find.
With a full ticket price while at it
Okay not to defend the million dollar corporation but  Nintendo's legal and game department is entirely seperate and I heavily doubt anybody in either department even talks regularly
"Yup, docks w/ big screens and a third switch to have more inventory and trading things.  So sad :("
"Yeah the devs aren't the issue - it seems the people in charge have a plan and stick to it no matter sales, negative PR, etc.  Just so much lost opportunity that any dev/publisher/console would love to capitalize on."
They've done that at least two more times since the Helldivers fiasco from what I've read.
"I've been told that, near the end of the Roman Republic, rich blokes would carry around pouches of money equal to the fine for assault so that if they ever wanted to punch a poor person they could just hand them the pouch to legally ""resolve"" the issue."
*Muh Nintendo IP* ????
"That was before the piracy community spammed emulation content all over social media. 

Old gen knew to enjoy things in silence. This gen legit tags official Nintendo accounts with their piracy content lol.

What are they expecting?"
"Yeah, that was also very disappointing"
"> million dollar corporation

Lol. Unintentional shit talking?"
"dambit, didnt know about the 3rd nintendo trick. but i did live on nookazon and ruined the game by having everything . lmao, trading and having people come to your island was so fun"
Rich people do this with speeding tickets now.
"While dumb to brag about it, it speaks to a larger problem with the ecosystem as a whole if everyone is expected to enjoy things in silence. People want to talk about what they enjoy."
"/ApocalypticWalrus:

https://youtu.be/EJR1H5tf5wE?si=6s5VuvTtL8Dlu9Pdht=14s"
"This generation's attitude to piracy is kind of hilarious. So much entitlement on an internet that is extremely controlled by corporate interests.

>""People want to talk about what they enjoy.""

Like yeah. And if you simply paid for it, you'd have no issue.

I'm not that old, but I'm old enough to remember pre-internet piracy. You know what happened in the past?

The police would raid shops and markets that sold illegal chips and modifications that enabled piracy. I know this because I worked in one when I was 5 years old and during one such raid, I was handed multiple boxes and told to run. Got myself multiple PS1s, N64s and such that day.

Emulation websites and sites to download ROMs had to rely on legal loopholes to not be taken down. Most of the time the companies didn't care because emulation was in such a bad state that it was the inferior experience by a large margin.

However, as the internet has become more corporate and centralised and international IP laws and treaties have been drawn up; a lot of the loopholes or even freedoms of yore are simply gone.

You're not entitled to use youtube, tiktok, google, or any of these platforms for what you think is right.

Plus it seems obvious to me that the markets that used to be raided are now just online. You really think I buy that someone is an enthusiast about retro game archiving and preservation when they only own and advertise hardware that's a few years old?

Ain't nothin' retro about it."
"I mean what they are doing relies on illegal methods and grey areas. DonÉ??t want a crackdown? Just keep quiet.

A smart thief doesnÉ??t brag on social media about all the money they just stole. They enjoy it in silence.

Same logic applies here."
"Reminds me of the FBI producing Anom, the high security cellphone, to wiretap the biggest drug dealers in the world."
"Excerpts from [article](https://www.timesofisrael.com/israeli-spies-behind-hungarian-firm-that-was-linked-to-exploding-pagers-report/) by TOI staff with [NYT](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/09/18/world/middleeast/israel-exploding-pagers-hezbollah.html), [NBC](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/taiwan-firm-denies-making-pagers-used-lebanon-explosions-rcna171594), and [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/world/asia-pacific/components-pagers-used-lebanon-blasts-are-not-taiwan-minister-says-2024-09-20/) updates:

*[...] Citing three unnamed intelligence officers with knowledge of the operation, The New York Times reported that BAC Consulting was part of a front set up by figures in Israeli intelligence.*

*Two other shell companies were also created to help mask the link between BAC and the Israelis, according to the report.*

*The company was listed in Hungary as a limited liability company in May 2022, though a website for BAC Consulting was officially registered almost two years earlier, in October 2020, according to internet domain records.*

*As of April 2021, the company website offered political and business consulting, with the firm changing addresses and expanding its offerings at least three times by 2024, archival research by The Times of Israel showed.*

&nbsp;

*According to the New York Times, the company supplied other firms with pagers as well, though only the ones transferred to Hezbollah were fitted with batteries that contained explosive materiel known as PETN.*

*The devices first began to reach Lebanon in 2022, according to the newspaper, with production ramping up as Hezbollah chief Hassan Nasrallah denounced the use of cellphones due to concerns they could be tracked by Israel.*

*As Hezbollah increasingly relied on the explosive-laced devices, Israeli intelligence officers saw them as É??buttonsÉ?ù that could be pressed at any time, setting off the explosions that rocked Lebanon Tuesday, according to the Times.*

*[...] A Hungarian government spokesman also said the pagers had never been in Hungary and that BAC Consultants merely acted as an intermediary.*

*É??Authorities have confirmed that the company in question is a trading intermediary, with no manufacturing or operational site in Hungary. It has one manager registered at its declared address, and the referenced devices have never been in Hungary,É?ù Zolt?≠n Kov?≠cs posted Wednesday on X. He did not say where the pagers were manufactured.*"
So the batteries lasted 2 years?
Reminds of The Wire - when they where able to sell the drug dealers pre-wire tapped cell phones.
Trojan pager
I'm really curious how they triggered these.
Operation Grim Beeper
"They really fucked over the Taiwanese company who supplied the hardware then, assume they just licensed it like anyone else maybe could but the resulting product bore the brand of what could be an innocent company from Taiwan."
"So they did a man-in-the-middle atttack as we say in IT, introduced these items into the supply chain."
"I speculated this, you canÉ??t just make a random pager explode"
So NONE of these guys ever traveled with their pagers through an airport? So do I have to be worried about an untraceable explosive?
"People going on about whether it was a good way to target an enemy fail to see what the real purpose of the attack was. In many ways, killing was actually the secondary objective, with the primary objective being to shatter confidence in communications technologies that Hezbollah are unable to source internally.

First step, break trust in modern smart devices. Easily done, smart devices have multiple ways of being compromised and turned into Judas devices. Hezbollah's response is to go to lower tech solutions like pagers... Pagers blow up, can't trust pagers either. Go to walkie-talkies... Which also blow up. What's left? Landline phones? Tin cans and string?

The communication options and ability to source equipment that isn't potentially compromised is severely impacted. With no ability to communicate easily, the operational effectiveness of Hezbollah is substantially reduced, their ability to adapt to changes in circumstance or disseminate recent or up to date information is drastically reduced, and they become a much easier force to combat and deal with.

In addition, if left with few apparent ""safe"" communication paths, any one of those could deliberately be left available to serve as a trap, designed from the start to collect information for use by Israel.

Exploding pagers and radios is meant to induce fear and mistrust of the technology. The fact it might kill or maim targets is a useful secondary objective when taking the big picture into account."
IÉ??m 65. The Middle East has been an issue my entire life. There is no solution so walk away.?ˇ
"From the NYT article:

> For the Lebanese, the second wave of explosions was confirmation of the lesson from the day before: They now live in a world in which the most common of communication devices can be transformed into instruments of death.

> One woman, Um Ibrahim, stopped a reporter in the middle of the confusion and begged to use a cellphone to call her children. Her hands shaking, she dialed a number and then screamed a directive:

> É??Turn off your phones now!É?ù

What a terrible world to live in."
Wasnt this the plot of the first kingsmen but instead of exploding them people fight each other?
Did someone already tell them not to turn their pagers on?
"There goes the Israeli pager and Walkie talkie industrial complex.

Tens of dollars gone!"
"Since people like to think that international laws are subject to their own É??feelingsÉ?ù


>  Brian Finucane, a former State Department legal adviser under Presidents Barack Obama and Donald Trump, notes a law of war that prohibits the É??use of booby-traps or other devices in the form of harmless portable objects which are specifically designed and constructed to contain explosive material.É?ù Both Israel and Lebanon have agreed to the prohibition, Article 7(2) of Amended Protocol II, which was added to international laws of war in 1996.


> É??I think detonating pagers in peopleÉ??s pockets without any knowledge of where those are, in that moment, is a pretty evident indiscriminate attack,É?ù said Jessica Peake, an international law professor at the University of California, Los Angeles School of Law. É??I think this seems to be quite blatant, both violations of both proportionality and indiscriminate attacks.É?ù

[Source](https://theintercept.com/2024/09/19/israel-pager-walkie-talkie-attack-lebanon-war-crimes/)


From the [UN:](https://www.ohchr.org/en/press-releases/2024/09/exploding-pagers-and-radios-terrifying-violation-international-law-say-un)


> UN human rights experts condemned the malicious manipulation of thousands of electronic pagers and radios to explode simultaneously across Lebanon and Syria **as É??terrifyingÉ?ù violations of international law.**


> The attacks reportedly killed at least 32 people and maimed or injured 3,250, including 200 critically. Among the dead are a boy and a girl, as well as medical personnel. Around 500 people suffered severe eye injuries, including a diplomat. Others suffered grave injuries to their faces, hands and bodies.


> É??These attacks violate the human right to life, absent any indication that the victims posed an imminent lethal threat to anyone else at the time,É?ù the experts said. É??Such attacks require prompt, independent investigation to establish the truth and enable accountability for the crime of murder."
"An organisation that is dedicated to murdering everyone living beyond the 7th century but which nonetheless uses 20th century tools to do so, can hardly complain when their hypocrisy is made to rebound against them."
"I laughed when the leader of Hezzbollah said he condemned the attacks, like youÉ??re a terrorist group, you donÉ??t get to condemn shit. YouÉ??ll suck up your clowns getting blown up and stfu."
Brilliant tradecraft
"I imagine 2 years the brainstorm session at Mossad.  Some kid is like, ""lets sell them all pagers then blow them up...""  

Im sure they were like, ""yeah ok.. no bad ideas here, no bad ideas.."""
"I swear, a good chunk of Redditors get more frustrated the less civilians Israel kills in an operation...Y'all are weird, but I'm glad you're speaking up because your responses to this maximally targeted pager/walkie-talkie attack really proves your unreasonably, bias, ignorance, and impossible double-standards toward Israel."
BAC Consulting?? Missed naming opportunity. Should have went with A.C.M.E. Consulting instead
"How many of these folks are actually going to hop on international flights with their official Hezbollah beepers? Probably very few, if any at all. And honestly, I wouldn't put too much faith in Lebanese airport security either."
"Boohoo Hezbollah supporters, this was a true masterclass in warfare. The idea is that now, they canÉ??t trust the ONE FORM of technology for same day communication. Now, every single person looking to use civilians as meat shields is terrified. Their own family now wonÉ??t want them too close to the kids, for fear an exploding pigeon swoops in.

This had such a profound psychological effect on its exact target audience. Bravo."
Did they have Boeing contract manufacture?
Its awfully convenient how many think this is indiscriminate attacks on civilians unlike all the thousands of rockets launched at Israel.
I bet the hezbollah got the idea to use pagers by watching The Wire episodes.
Israel finally watched The Wire.
My tax dollars at work
Mossad playing the long game again
so working as intended?
There's an expert who said it likely took Israel over a year to get the pavers into circulation. Before 10/7
[deleted]
This is some shit from The Wire.
The part I donÉ??t understand: so apparently they created this company that built pagers (or still does?) and was able to supply an exploding version to certain orders (?)É?? but were they sure that any of their targets would buy these pagers? And how did they identify who was buying them?
I wonder whether the devices were also manipulated to spy on users and gather intelligence.
I figured this was the case. It would be easier to make the parts from scratch
"I saw somewhere they said this was 15 years in the making, not sure I believe that long con?ˇ"
"They can join the NSA and work together.

Seriously, and please don't hate me as they are not my words. A high ranking military officer (Europe) once told me ""Mossad is dangerous."" Not about this, many other things..."
"This is such a insanely good infiltration of terrorists, it's so impressive and the amount of collateral damage is so minimal you can't even be mad."
"Oh man.  The fact that Hezbollah actually paid for these makes it so much sweeter.

I guess the profit margins must have taken a bit of a hit for all of the additional ""no cost"" features that Israel built in."
"In circulation since 2022, and no one has ever carried one on a plane goin through security? Or do airport scanners not detect explosives?"
WhatÉ??s unclear to me is how Israel convinced Hezbollah to buy those particular pagers.
I grew up being taught terrorism is wrong but I guess when certain people do it
"People when Israel uses bombs: ItÉ??s a war crime!

People when Israel targets a terrorist group correctly: ItÉ??s a war crime!

ItÉ??s unfortunate that a child died, itÉ??s also unfortunate that Hezbollah targeted 12 kids and also have been attacking Israel nonstop."
"I donÉ??t know if there are really that many propaganda bots or that many absolutely brainwashed brain dead people but I am sorry not everyone brown is a terrorist and the state unapologetically bombing schools, hospitals, journalists, and humanitarian aid are not the fucking good guys, holy shit what is wrong with some of you people."
lol Israel wins the prank war
Absolutely brilliant operation.  Congratulations to Israel on a great victory against terrorism.
"I get this is the tech sub but whatÉ??s with the hyper-fascination on HOW the attack was committed?

The consequences of weaponizing and detonating consumer electronics en masse seems like it should be a far larger deal. Seems a bit ghoulish to be talking about the manufacturing details when a bunch of innocent children and civilians were maimed/killed. This seems like a dangerous and awful precedent to set."
So...terrorists bought their method of execution from their enemies? Classic Hezbollah
Terrorist attack
"Seems like it would be better to just intercept the communications, but they probably did that as well."
But uh... They obviously didn't care about collateral...
"Still, a bargainÉ??s a bargain"
But we couldnÉ??t arrest anyone in the US with it lmao helped in other countries though
"The FBI intercepted millions of messages on Anom, leading to the arrest of over 800 people and the seizure of tons of drugs and millions of dollars. The operation relied on the FBI's control of Anom, which was designed to be secure and encrypted. Despite its reputation for security, the FBI had backdoor access to all communications on Anom, enabling them to monitor and gather evidence against criminal organizations.

source: [https://www.npr.org/2021/06/08/1004332551/drug-rings-platform-operation-trojan-shield-anom-operation-greenlight](https://www.npr.org/2021/06/08/1004332551/drug-rings-platform-operation-trojan-shield-anom-operation-greenlight)"
The phone was already designed and made. The head guy behind it essentially handed it over to the FBI on a silver platter and the FBI created a shell company to distribute them.
This is why you don't trust closed source software/firmware
"also to be announced in the future, how they created bitcoin"
"Batteries containing explosives... was this the plot for a contemporary 007 film, I'd call it unrealistic and anachronistic. I mean, prior to this having happened now."
They had USB-C charging. The original device was marketed as having batteries lasting for more than 80 days.
"What an insane operation. An US official claimed ""it was a use it or lose it moment"" because Hezbollah might've found out so Israel detonated the pagers early. So it seems if Hezbollah hadn't caught on Israel could have kept this hidden for even longer and just waiting for an opportune moment."
"It makes sense. Lithium batteries have a high capacity, when they are powering a light load just as the beepers, they can last quite a long time. It was in the best interest of the Israeli to make high quality durable batteries."
The beepers were being used to coordinate attacks against Israel. Taking out your enemies communication capabilities is well with in bounds of typical warfare.
The reports are that all of the pagers starting vibrating at once and just kept vibrating and needed to be manually button pressed to silence. As soon as you hit the silence button it exploded. So you either lost your hand/arm and/or were reading the pager while silencing it and also lost your face. It was a wildly effective sabotage. The media is reporting heavily about the 40 people that died from the explosions but the number of people blinded by the explosions is in the hundreds. There were photos yesterday of an entire commercial airplane of blinded hezbollah officers being flown to Tehran for ophthalmology treatment.
"It was actually called Operation Below the Belt, which I guess is a pun since pagers are usually clipped to the belt."
Taiwanese CEO joked about gifting them to CCP. HeÉ??ll get over it. Also the most famous his company has ever been.
"Collateral damage isn't something the Netanyahu government concerns itself about, if you haven't noticed."
"How so? They bought them and then modified them. Distributed them in a place, the company doesn't sell electronics in anyway. To terrorists and yes they did kill terrorists, I know its hard for some understand that. So unless the Taiwanese company regulatory sells to terrorists organizations,  it didn't hurt them."
Only on Reddit will you see terrorists die and people will side with the corporations. Jesus Christ
Think of the Taiwanese shareholders?
"Incoming message: ""8008135"""
"People annoyed me saying Israel É??hackedÉ?? the pagers to detonate them, as if they were normal pagers that could just be remotely detonated without explosives"
Why would you take a pager to travel abroad? It wouldnÉ??t work there
These are all already spy devices.  So...why not?
"Someone mentioned on another thread that explosives have chemicals added to them specifically to enable detection. If that's true, you could imagine Israel would be able to skip that part of the manufacturing process."
Not a lot of places with explosives detection equipment will allow known terrorists to enter the country. Carrying your Hezbollah branded pager through security would be an easy way to make that happen.
">What's left? Landline phones? Tin cans and string? 

ISW produced analysis two days ago about various approaches Hezbollah might take to attempt to repair & adapt its communications network. None of them are good. 

https://www.understandingwar.org/backgrounder/iran-update-september-18-2024

In summary, Hezbollah could use: 

- Couriers. This would significantly slow Hezbollah's ability to coordinate operations across wider geographic areas, although may be sufficient for local commanders in the event of an Israeli ground invasion. 

- Landline phones. Hezbollah already operates landlines that have been built & financed by Iran, but they are easy to tap/intercept, and the Israelis have tapped them before. 

- Satellite phones. Already used by upper echelons of Hezbollah's leadership, but still not impervious to hacking, and are prohibitively costly to distribute at scale to lower level commanders & operatives. 

- Older tactical radio systems. These are easy to set up, but vulnerable to being both jammed and intercepted.

- Cell phones. Not ideal due to the reasons Hezbollah moved away from them in the first place back in February 2024, but potentially the group's only real option if it wishes to swiftly reestablish its shattered C&C."
"We saw phase 3 today. They destroyed the comms system, so Hezbollah leaders had no choice but to meet in person...at a meeting where a ton of Israeli ordnance was the surprise special guest."
"> Tin cans and string

only to find the string has been replaced with DetCord"
"In addition to all that it also identifies the individual actors in Hezbollah, the ones important enough to be issued a pager/radio. Like the Iranian guy at the embassy, now there is evidence of direct ties to hezbollah."
"Oh absolutely, removing communications technology from the enemy and likely multiple other forms of electronics is going to massively cripple how Hezbollah can organise. This will stop them immediately responding and even interfere with their routine attacks to some degree.


Every procurement Hezbollah has coming or has received since these pagers now needs to be checked or replaced. Every new piece of equipment will be met with mistrust. It is a modern approach to striking the railways to hinder logistics.



In relation to this event it is an impressive move but in relation to the wider world and how this may inspire copycats it could be a terrifying result when many countries rely on nations that are in a modern Cold War with them. We may see this bring a return to manufacturing being done at home which would be more expensive but actually better for those countries that choose it."
" This is a Psi Ops straight from Hollywood. I couldn't beleive it. How do you tamper with so many electronic devices without raising suspicion! 

 When I first read one analyst said it was most likely a signal that overloaded something. A flaw in the devices that was exploited somehow. I don't think they knew people were actually being killed though at that time. 
 
 Now people are paranoid. Definitely has caused panic, but not mass hysteria as far as I can tell. 

 What are they going to do now. Use pigeons? Isreal would somehow tamper with em too. 

 How many people are questioning their devices now in general. I've already seen conspiracy theroies saying China has done this to everyone's phones."
It shows how widespread the network really is more so than anything. They canÉ??t lie about it
"Getting castrated is not good for morale either. 

Prolly a bunch of dickless hezbollahs now regretting their decision."
Maiming 1000+ high level Hezbollah operatives at the same time also seems like it has direct benefits in terms of degrading Hezbollah's capabilities.
Some might even call it a É??terroristÉ?ù attack
You just described a form of terrorism
"That's a lot of words to say ""terrorism"".

Edit: the state of Israel sanctions and carries out terrorism indiscriminately against human beings. The fact that their government pays people to come on here and a) say terrible things, and b) downvote anyone who disagrees is anti democratic and make us all dislike you more. I think the United States should stop its financial and philosophical support of this terrorist nation and allow them to deal with the mess they are perpetuating on a daily basis, alone."
"It kinda seems like a bunch of Arab nations could just stop launching missiles and rocks at one particular nation, but they seem to enjoy doing it and don't mind dieing in the process ???˙

Not my problem either way"
Most underrated comment on Reddit ever
">Her hands shaking, she dialed a number and then screamed a directive:

So..... she has a kid in Hezbollah?"
"Unless her kid is in a terrorist network, he has nothing to worry about. 

We just saw the most precise and surgical counterterrorism measure of all time. It's disingenuous to pretend that innocent people have to walk around in terror.

It's the people of northern Israel, who were the victims of random Hezbollah rocket strikes that have to worry about that."
"I have a lot of sympathy for the average Lebanese over this.?ˇ Aside from a terrorist group using them for meatshields, being near people spontaneously and gruesomely detonating is absolutely traumatizing.


I have a lot of respect for the trauma the EMT's nurses and doctors had to go through looking at all those maimed people, and dealing with such gruesome wounds.


Hezbollah deserved this fate and worse, no doubt after bombarding the North for 11 months straight, but Israel should definitely make some apologies to the Lebanese citizens and the medical professionals of Lebanon for making them look at all that gore."
"That's, like, an entirely different thing, man."
"I thought the same thing! The fighting/aggression was the primary use, but the implants could be remotely detonated."
it was absolutely an israeli terror attack
Sorry but this will probably be downvoted by the masses gushing over how 'cool' and 'genius' this was.
"There are actually several paradigms here that need to be evaluated, per that international law:

1) Were the attacks against lawful targets?
2) Was the method of attack indiscriminate?
3) Was the method of attack in and of itself banned under international law?

Number 1 is very clearly in favor of Israel. This operation targeted Hezbollah, a legal military target. Number 2 is likely in favor of Israel. These were pagers and walkie-talkies exclusively (or better yet, É??discriminatelyÉ?ù) sold to Hezbollah. Israel had every reason to believe only Hezbollah actors would have access to them when they were detonated.

Number 3 is where it gets interesting. Booby traps are regulated and in some cases banned under the legislation in question. Specifically, a booby trap is defined in that legislation as É??a device or material which is designed, constructed, or adapted to kill or injure, and which functions unexpectedly when a person disturbs or approaches an apparently harmless object or performs an apparently safe act.É?ù

So question number 1, do the pagers/walkie talkies meet the *legal* definition of booby trap? In my opinion, thatÉ??s debatable, and I think no. The key wording in the legislation is É??É??functions unexpectedly when a person *disturbs or approaches* an apparently harmless object or *performs* an apparently safe actÉ?ù.

Clearly the object is apparently harmless, but in order for it to be a booby trap, the person interacting with object *causes* the object to go off as an unexpected result. The pagers were *remotely detonated* by Israel, not rigged to go off when, for example, the user turned it on. This is a critical distinction in the *legal* definition of a booby trap.

But letÉ??s say we all agree that these indeed *were* booby traps. The law does not completely ban their use. The Department of Defense confirmed this É??É??the prohibition contained in Article 7(2) of the Amended Mines Protocol does not preclude the expedient adaptation or adaptation in advance of other objects for use as booby-traps or other devices.É?ù Given that these communication devices were issued by terrorists to terrorists for terrorist purposes, reasonably leads to the equipment as viable targets of being booby trapped.

https://www.newsweek.com/hezbollah-international-law-attacks-israel-lebanon-1956294"
"Thank you.

The thing was a heinous act of terrorism and you don't have to be an international law expert to know that. You just have to take the indoctrination goggles off.

Imagine if this had occurred in reverse. Electronic devices booby trapped by Iran, say, going off in their thousands in random locations across the United States. Maiming thousands of civilians and killing two children. Imagine! It would take about 5 seconds for the T word to be uttered, and the calls of (rightful) condemnation would deafening."
"Curious, would it be terrorism if Hezzbollah tampered with phones that the IDF use, then subsequently innocent Israelis get killed once detonated?"
Innocent people died.
It's not terrorism when US empire and it's allies does it.
Well I SWEAR thereÉ??s always a some dumb fuck in the comments calling someone biased against Israel when you say things like É??I think itÉ??s wrong to snipe childrenÉ??s kneecapsÉ?ù
"I got banned from r/WhitePeopleTwitter for stating that this was not a terrorist attack because it targeted terrorists and not non-combatants. IÉ??d consider myself pretty left leaning, and thatÉ??s the first time itÉ??s happened to me."
[removed]
"Politics is the art of the possible. 

What is possible is a function of the amount of political capital you start out with and how you nurture and use that political capital. 

Israel started off with an extraordinary amount of political capital, and has been able to do things and get away with things because of that. Earlier Israeli political leaders knew that and were more careful with that. 

Netanyahu is not. He is exhausting the country's international political capital with no plan whatsoever. 

And so...

>Redditors get more frustrated the less civilians Israel kills in an operation

You're right in the sense that the outrage seems unreasonable--this is a targeted attack intended to reduce civilian casualties. Why are people reacting with outrage?

It's because it's a new, novel form of warfare which brings a new form of gruesomeness for people to process, and it's being tried out by a country which is rapidly losing its political capital and international sympathy. 

It becomes too difficult to disentangle the novelty and gruesomeness of this attack, targeted as it may be on its adversaries, from the gruesomeness of the unending occupation.

The international community is tired of this situation, and is not in the mood to process that this country has found a new, clever way to kill people."
"Yeah I've been completely neutral on whatever shitshow is going out there with Israel, Hamas, and Hezbollah... But the reactions to this operation are kind of eye opening to me. 

Israel can do no right when they defend themselves against terrorists. I truly can't see why people are so invested in this conflict compared to any of the ones going on elsewhere in the world, why people are so biased against Israel and so passionate about it. It's really none of my business though."
"Detonating hundreds of IEDs across cities, maiming thousands....yes, people of normal conscience are ""frustrated"". 

Israel is a terrorist state that makes its conservative religious opponents look reasonable by comparison."
"Obviously not, the electronic device actually worked as intended"
DidnÉ??t Hezbollah purposefully target 12 year olds playing soccer a couple weeks ago?
"> think this is indiscriminate attacks on civilians

It also doesn't make this, this by definition isn't an indiscriminate attack on civilians, It's a very targeted attack against Hezbollah -- because they're the only ones who should have these pagers/radios. 

There's nothing indiscriminate about that."
"Yeah man, the Chinese are just waiting to blow us all up"
"Hezbollah itself said that they ordered the pagers. In order to pull off this operation, Israel must be completely infiltrated to understand Hezbollah's supply chain and procurement needs, so that helps it get an understanding. 

That would also explain why out of 40 deaths, more than 35 Hezbollah itself claimed to be their members."
To be fair being a member of Hezbollah probably puts you in every single no fly list out there...
State funded to make them cheaper I guess. They probably also had people infiltrating Hezbollah so maybe they could push that too
"Terrorism is wrong, that why Irael targeted terrorist communication lines."
this by definition isnÉ??t terrorism
"Somebody could have been on a plane or just like all devices, people could have resold it and some random person would have had an explosive device. I once saw a US Govt issued laptop being sold in a pawn shop in Mexico City, so shit gets stolen or resold all the time. 

I would be surprised if no pagers or other rigged devices made it out of Lebanon and some poor dude in Africa gets blown up one day. 

It is a totally reckless thing to do and it wonÉ??t be funny when another country does it as well."
Certainly open to hear ideas as to what you would have done instead.
Imagining thinking Lebanon is brown and Israel is white ???ú
"They firmly believe that Israel should not be allowed to fight back under any circumstance, while the Islamists are unburdened by such demands.

Remember that *from the River to the Sea* is the endgoal, and Jews will not be cleansed from the Levant unless they stand by and let it happen."
you do know that one side being bad doesnt automatically make the other side good... right? both sides of this conflict regularly commit warcrimes.
"It was an attack on communication devices that Hezbollah uses, what could be done in a war that would be more precise than that?"
"It is absolutely soul crushing to see that the mainstream response is celebrating this. It unironically gives me chills. They don't care about Middle Easterners in the slightest, they just want bloodshed and revenge."
