 I'm a techno optimist, but techno optimism should be practiced with both empathy and care. And I'm a believer in what is possible if you do it that way. First I'm going to give you a word of warning, experts extrapolate the past. They prevent radical progress because they don't think non-linearly. They don't think of the improbable. I personally believe only the improbable is important. We just don't know which improbable is important. Entrepreneurs on the other hand, with a passion for a vision. They dream the dreams and then are foolish enough. And we need more foolishness to try and make those implausible dreams come true. That's what entrepreneurship is about, something I've loved my whole life. In the 40 years I've been doing innovation and innovation only. This may surprise people. I can't think of a single large social impact change that was driven by an expert in the field, possibly with the exception of biotechnology. That's driven by an expert by a large institution, a large non-founder-like company. Think about it in 40 years, not one example. Whether you look at SpaceX or electric cars or Uber, not one example. The earliest one I could think of was credit cards in the early 70s when Bank of America put credit on plastic. So what is this plausible world? I'll go through a dozen scenarios that I believe most experts will fool. Most expertise enabled by AI will be free. I'm most excited that every human being on the planet can have 24-7 for free doctor, primary care in a very expensive way. That every child can have a free tutor in a very available, accessible way. And these will be near free. It doesn't matter of other expertise where you're looking at structural engineers or oncologists. Most expertise will be near free, the cost of computing. Most labor will also be free. I can imagine a billion bipedal robots doing more work than all of human labor does today. Freeing humans from the servitude of some of the jobs, working at General Motors on an assembly line for eight hours a day, doing the same thing for 30 years. That's not a job. That's almost slavery. I do believe we will have enough abundance to take care of everybody who's displaced and that's where the empathy part of techno-optimism comes in. We will have enough for redistribution to happen. Programming will be near free also. And though we think of computers as pervasive today, I think we'll be much more prevalent, much more pervasive and expansive. In fact, I think we will think of computers almost like a utility. How many of you think about electricity? That's how it will be in the background knocking our face. And like this little rabbit device I have in my hand, we'll just talk to it. He'll understand human instruction. Computers will adapt to humans. We won't have to have humans learn computer. Five years ago, when I first spoke at a conference in Toronto on the role AI will play in music generation, I was met with skepticism. In fact, derasional. Whether it's AI alone or AI plus humans, the level of creativity in entertainment and design will dramatically go up. The level of diversity of these things will go up dramatically. I'm excited about that. Surprisingly, internet access will mostly be by agents. Billions of agents running around doing things for us humans. Medicine is my other favorite. We have pretty good medicine today, but we have the practice of medicine and it will change to the science of medicine. We will change from what is mostly sick care today. We apply medicine when people are sick to healthcare to prevent sickness. It's a shame that in this day and age, most people who get a heart attack discovered they have cardiac disease by having a heart attack not 20 years earlier when that disease started. That won't happen. Food. We will have new types of proteins which we need and new kinds of fertilizers essential to agriculture. Rubisco is the most prevalent protein on the planet. Every place you see green, there's rubisco behind that chlorophyll. Almost everywhere. There's a few exceptions. And we will have much more environmentally better proteins than either plant proteins and possibly better than corn and soy. So I'm excited about that and greener fertilizer. Oh, my favorite. Experts completely disagree with me when I said this. We can in the next 25 years replace most cars in most cities. Why? By making transit faster than a chauffeur car, cheaper than a public transit system, and pervasive anytime on demand. And yes, we can do it. In fact, we are building the first one of these public transit systems in San Jose today. Another one of these flying at almost 4,000 miles per hour. We will be able to fly from New York to London for lunch. It will make the world a much closer place. And we've felt a lot about power. And we think solar and wind are the solution that great solutions have been advocate for the last 20 years. But fusion power will replace more school and natural gas power plants today. Again, people say we can't build that money. We can if you're smart, if you just replace their boilers, or maybe their boilers and their turbines. In fact, all those plants will probably be retrofitted with fusion, possibly with hot super hot geothermal. Not the kind of geothermal you've heard about, even heard about at TAC, but much harder, better, more efficient geothermal. Dumas say we don't have enough resources like lithium and copper. In fact, I say we haven't started to look. In fact, we haven't started to develop the technologies that will let us look a kilometer below the surface. We are well on our way, though. There will be carbon solutions for everything. On the nose of working on this, there's only a dozen major emitter categories. And I wrote a blog on it about two years ago. And it only takes one entrepreneur to tackle each of these categories. So a dozen insigators can change the world of climate. In fact, we inaugurated last week the first cement plant in California, which from the same amount of limestone produces twice the amount of cement by capturing the carbon dioxide and putting it into product. You repurpose existing plants, upgrade them, like you would call plants and natural gas plants. And you increase the level of product while decreasing the cost per ton. That's what makes these things scalable. All we need is a few entrepreneurs who will imagine the impossible, dream the dreams, and then we foolish enough to make them come true. There's lots of reasons this won't happen, but I won't delve into them. But I do think a really abundant world is possible. It only takes a few motivated, impassioned entrepreneurs to make it happen. Thank you. Thank you. Don't forget to subscribe to our channel. And subscribe to our channel to move the public rapidly. And I'll also be supporting what's happening in the world.